------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
Amy, My Daughter by Anonymous Author (c) 1990. edited by pete, March, 2005. ***
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ 


I'm thirty-two years old now, and a widower. My wonderful wife died a couple of years ago, an early victim of breast cancer, leaving me to raise our ten year old daughter Amy alone. (Mg, ped, inc) ** 

Chapter 1

I'm thirty-two years old, and a widower. My wonderful wife died in an airplane accident a couple of years ago, flying back from a visit to her Mother. That left me to raise our ten year old daughter Amy alone. My being a doctor, finances aren't a concern, but the responsibility sure scared me. We both took it pretty hard, but we've slowly adapted. I had been fortunate enough to find a house-keeper that Amy liked, they got on famously. Amy was twelve now, and things seemed to be ambling along fairly normally, we get on pretty good together. I have even gotten used to her habit of relaxing around the house, in the minimum of clothing, once the house- keeper had left for the day. Just as she had when Tony... my wife, was alive, they were both the same in that regard. And my wife and I had often dallied in sexual pleasures, at the deliberate wiggle of a scantily clad, and very cute butt. Except that now Amy was starting to grow up, she was no longer a child... her body was filling out, already she had little curves where they should be. She showed every promise of taking after her lovely Mother. 

One evening I was taking a long, hot shower. Another difficult day at the office, and I was luxuriating under the warm water, just standing there in the large walk-in shower. I was relaxing, leaning on the wall, when suddenly I felt something on my back. I turned my head, and it's Amy, naked, in the shower with me, washing my back! Her thick golden hair was plastered down wetly, in long strands all over her body. I stammered out: &quot;Amy, w..what are you doing here!&quot; as my eyes ran over her naked young body - she was quite an impressive sight, and I gulped in confusion. She giggled at me: &quot;I'm just washing your back Daddy! Momma and you showered together a lot, so I thought we could too. You can't very well wash your own back!&quot; I had to admit it sure felt good, the hot soapy wash- cloth massaging my back: &quot;Well, okay just this once,&quot; I told her over my shoulder, &quot;but then we're done and I want you out of here!&quot; Amy turned out to be a great back-washer... deep hard strokes releasing the day's tension. Then the soft cloth moved down to my buttocks. Nice there, too, and now I'm really starting to like this... gulp again! &quot;Okay, that's enough.&quot; I told her hastily. &quot;Okay Daddy, but it's your turn to wash my back now!&quot; she said, and giggled again, as she turned around, and handed the cloth to me over her shoulder. I said reluctantly: &quot;All right... but then we're done.&quot; I lathered the wash-cloth up some more, and as I washed her back, my eyes wandered slowly down her lissom body. Such a slender girl, yet becoming shapely now... my eyes dropped down to her lovely ass.

Dear God, she is SO cute! Her sweet full round butt- cheeks, beautifully defined, cut suddenly into the swell of her luscious thighs, little hollows in each side, from her well developed muscles. My previous thoughts were now confirmed, my daughter was really growing up to be a very beautiful girl... a lovely young woman. Unconsciously, my hand and the wash-cloth slipped down and over her ass-cheeks, so well rounded and firm, and so wonderfully pliable and erotic in my hands. I realized what I was doing, and reluctantly stopped... this can't go on.. this was wrong! Then Amy herself settled the matter, and turned around to me and lowered her head, as if to rinse off her neck. As she looked down at me, she giggled very sexily: &quot;Oh Daddy..&quot; she exclaimed, &quot;your thingy is getting all hard... and big!&quot; And she looked up at me, blushing quite adorably, her eyes wide open and shining. She had felt my cock nudging at her, which was why she had turned around. I had been so involved in my thoughts, I hadn't realized I was getting a hard-on, and I quickly looked down, and the irrefutable proof was there. My cock was standing up and sniffing around, looking for whatever stiff cocks look for - usually pussy, I've noticed! She added breathlessly: &quot;That means you're excited over me ... and Daddy, it's so nice, and big and shiny!&quot; and her face blossomed into the biggest smile I had ever seen on her. Before I could answer her, Amy wrapped her hand around my stiffening warrior, squeezing and releasing it gently. She was obviously fascinated by my cock, as it swung around in her little hand. &quot;AMY!&quot; I exclaimed in confusion, &quot;don't do...&quot; Before I could finish the sentence, her hand was stroking me slowly, back and forth, from the base of my shaft to over my cock head and back, her fingers slippery with soapy lather. As her soft hand flowed over my sensitive prick, I groaned out: &quot;Amy... don't... you shouldn't. This isn't right... Jeesus... stop! Oh my God... no!&quot; But my words were falling on deaf ears. And I was powerless to stop her, and she knew it!

She looked down at her moving hand, and then knelt down in front of me. Her other hand reached behind me, and turned off the shower, then clasped my ass as I gulped again. I felt it gliding gently across my butt-cheeks, cupping them, and pulling my pliant body to her, as I moaned in pleasure. For one wild moment I thought she was going to take my cock in her mouth, and my head swam as I almost passed out. However she just looked up at me, and fondled my ass and cock in obvious pleasure. &quot;Doesn't that feel good Daddy?&quot; she cooed sexily. I had to grab the walls, as my knees wobbled, and I groaned out: &quot;You know it does honey... but you know we shouldn't... you can't...!&quot; Her uplifted face was flushed now, her eyes were glowing. And there was an unspoken need in them, and my mind collapsed crazily down around me. &quot;Am I doing it right, Daddy?&quot; she asked all excited now, her lovely mouth was working sensually. Her grey eyes were enormous, almost smoky, glowing with erotic pleasure. Then she took her hand off my ass .. reluctantly I thought .. and added it to the one around my cock. She started to firmly jack me off two-handedly, as my head went back, and my mouth gaped open in the rictus of purest pleasure. &quot;OH MY GOD, YESsss!&quot;

I groaned in intense desire, as my young daughter happily jacked me off. My stiff shaft was starting to throb urgently in her hands... she was keening deep in her throat, and my own moans joined hers. The sheer eroticism of the incestual thing that we were doing, was a powerful turn-on for me, and I wallowed in the pleasure of it, even though I knew it was wrong. I moaned despairingly, one more time: &quot;You know you - we - shouldn't... don't my darling! We... oh my God! Amy... Amy!&quot; I felt my climax building in my balls, the sensation filling my cock, and running through my body like a run-away truck, as her hands moved up and down on my pulsating shaft. I panted: &quot;Amy... don't... please.. you shouldn't!&quot; and moaned helplessly. Then I gave up, and groaned loudly: &quot;OH GOD.... YESSSS... that feels SOO.. GOOD! Don't... don't ever stop! OH BABY... YESSss! Jeeesus, I.. I'm going to.... CUUMMM!&quot; She looked up at me, her eyes boring into mine, her own mouth wide open now in wet desire. Her hands took off on me like a speeding train... and that, as they say, was that! I yelled as my body took over completely, my cock pulsing like mad now. Then my butt-cheeks clenched tightly together, as my balls released a powerful load of hot ejaculate, pumping up my throbbing shaft, and spurting out of the gleaming head. &quot;OHHH... JEEESUS!&quot; I screamed, as my first load of cum splattered all over Amy, all over her hair, and over her face, just missing her eyes. Then more spurted out, covering her neck and shoulders, flooding her nubile breasts, and running down her flat tummy. Her hands never once stopped pumping at me, as she hungrily drained me of my gift to her. With each spasm my hips jerked, my cum shot out, again and again.. and again. I groaned out loudly with each convulsion, I thought I would never stop! But finally spent, I leaned against the wall, panting hard, watching her until she finally stopped pumping, and looked up at me with hot burning eyes. I moaned softly, as I looked at her glistening cum- covered body... she looked incredibly sexy to me, almost obscenely so. 

I trembled in erotic pleasure, even as I thought - 'Dear God... what have we done!' &quot;Was that all right Daddy, did I do it okay?&quot; she panted happily... &quot;wow.. look at all this stuff... I never thought there'd be that much!&quot; she said in awe, as she scooped some of my cum off her glistening face. She started working my cum into her nipples... rock- hard now, and much bigger and longer I noticed. Then she stood up, and both her arms went around my waist as she hugged me tightly to her, my softening cock rubbing happily against her cum-covered tummy. She took my hands, and placed them behind her on her lovely ass-cheeks, and smiled dazzlingly up at me, as I lovingly kneaded them. She had caught my reluctance to release her, earlier. Her own long glistening fingers moved down over my ass, to between my legs, cupping my balls, gently squeezing them. I groaned out helplessly, as she fondled me with obvious pleasure. Her tongue was running over her sensual lips as we stood there, me fondling her ass, and her squeezing and cupping my balls, then moving her hands in turn to my own butt. &quot;I love you so very much Daddy.&quot; she whispered in my ear, rubbing herself lewdly against me. Then very deliberately, and clearly, she softly murmured: &quot;I want you Daddy!&quot; and stuck her long tongue deep into my ear! 

Chapter 2
I collapsed onto the shower seat, finally surrendering to her completely now. Amy settled herself down on my thighs, her arms around my neck, rubbing her gorgeous bottom around on my flaccid, but happy, warrior. &quot;Did I do good, Daddy?&quot; she asked, her eyes dancing in childish pleasure, at her accomplishment, as my tactile skin responded to her delicious attentions, goose-bumps popping up all over the place. I answered huskily, my heart still pounding: &quot;That was just wonderful, Amy... but you really shouldn't have done it honey, you know that...&quot; &quot;I know, but I couldn't help myself... and I love you so much, Daddy.&quot; she said fondly, as she rubbed herself on my now glistening skin. I said: &quot;I know sugar, and I love you too... now... where did you learn how to do that?&quot; and I trembled anew, as I felt her sensual flesh on mine. It was bothering me, my own little girl being so very good at jerking off stiff cocks! I looked into her glowing eyes. She giggled: &quot;Not every girl in my school is a virgin, Daddy! Some of the older girls told us how they do it to boys. Was it REALLY that okay, Daddy?&quot; and she smiled gleefully at me. Then she added archly: &quot;You are my very first, Daddy!&quot; and hugged me to her tightly. I couldn't help myself, and smiled tremulously at her enthusiasm, saying: &quot;More okay than I can tell you, sweetheart, but we WON'T be doing that again.. understand?&quot; Now I was back in control again... the beast was sleeping, and I felt much better about things, in my self-righteous decision, as she looked at me in her turn. &quot;Yes, Daddy.&quot; she murmured obediently, dropping her head submissively.. and I didn't see the sudden gleam in her eyes, and her little knowing smile. She had her own ideas about that. We had showered again, despite her pleas to leave my cum on her... I couldn't believe her raw sexuality. 

As we dried each other off in the bathroom, I took pleasure in looking at her lovely young naked body... she really was gorgeous. I saw that she had the same two deep dimples in her lower back, that her mother had... they denoted extreme sexuality, I knew. The curve of her back, her marvelous ass, were also the same. I trembled as my eyes took in her deliciously puffy pussy-mound, not a single hair on it, and as smooth as a baby's bum. Her little slit was almost invisible to me, and I sighed in regretful relief, as she covered herself up. Her manner was changed somehow, she seemed more mature, more grown up. We wrapped our towels around us, and sat down.. me on the closed toilet, her on the edge of the tub... and talked. She asked me if I thought she was pretty - I told her she was gorgeous! She asked me if I thought her little breasts were coming on okay, and dropped her towel and showed me. Only one had really started, but her nipples were big and elongated, her areoles fat and thrusting... she was going to be a 'Puffy' like her mom. She smiled happily, as I told her that she was going to have the same lovely breasts her mother had. And that it was normal for one breast to grow before the other, for a very short time. Then as we talked, other erotic thoughts came creeping unbidden into my mind, and I trembled as my cock started to harden once more. She started to dry her hair, and didn't notice my arousal. I managed to hide it from her, and she finally left to get dressed in her bedroom, after giving me a chaste peck on my cheek. It was supper time. I slowly got dressed myself, tucking away my semi-hard- on, my mind was spinning, as I remembered her softly whispered words... &quot;I want you Daddy...!&quot; 

Chapter 3
Time passed, I had managed to curtail Amy's horniness, since that first time, by being firm with her. She had been disappointed I knew, but she was content to bide her time, and had stopped coming on to me. Lately I had given some thought to it, and decided that if there was a next time, to let the chips fall where they may. I hadn't initiated anything myself, I was determined to leave it up to her, but I had a hard time keeping my hands off her though. I must admit that several times I was sorely tempted. I missed her mother dreadfully... I was so horny these days, Amy had cracked open the flood-gates... I needed hot SEX, Dammit! I had finally admitted it to myself - I wanted Amy, to hell with the taboos, and my eyes followed her everywhere now, my mind full of fantasies. I tried to ignore the other grimmer thoughts... the ones where I saw and heard jail-cell doors clanging shut behind me, the outraged cries of &quot;INCEST!&quot; from all of my friends and colleagues. I had wondered if she could cum yet, if she masturbated, and I had asked her about it. She had blushed adorably, and admitted to both.

From then on, I had heard little moans of pleasure coming from her bed- room, as she did her thing, no longer feeling the need to keep quiet about it. And she wasn't shy about it either... at week-ends she would smile sweetly and sexily at me, and disappear into her room... I noticed she always left the door open. And then I would finally hear her moaning: &quot;Oh yes Daddy, oh yess..ss, that's so nice! Don't stop Daddy... please don't stop!&quot; Jeesus... she sure knew how to hurt a guy... and only twelve! I would be driven by my own need into my bedroom, and jerk myself off, as my mind saw her fingers flying in her sopping wet pussy. Those were very difficult days .. and nights .. for me, but I was still determined to wait her out. And then a month later, I was awakened suddenly, to find Amy on my bed, snuggling up to me, her eyes dancing. &quot;Amy... what...&quot; I started, then she interrupted me. &quot;You were right Daddy, both my breasts are growing now... see?&quot; she said as she slipped off the large T- shirt she wears to bed. And there they were, two budding breasts, neither much larger than plums, almost hiding under two large puffy nipples... God how sweet! Immediately I felt my cock start to harden... My senses swam, as I saw her lovely nakedness, with just her little panties covering her. Her lusciously thick golden hair hung around her in long waves, she was a beautiful and erotic looking young girl... no, a young woman! &quot;They're kind of small Daddy... but do you think I have nice breasts?&quot; she asked sexily. &quot;Um, well.... yes Amy, but...&quot; I stammered, not sure where this was going. &quot;Do you really like them Daddy?&quot; she persisted. I mumbled: &quot;Sure honey, but....&quot; Amy grabbed my hands, pulling them up to her chest, each palm cupping one pre-teen breast, her big nipples hardening under my palms. She moaned softly: &quot;That feels so nice Daddy, play with them... I want you to touch my breasts.... please Daddy!&quot; GOD!

Her tiny breasts felt so soft and supple, so smooth. Her hard nipples were like little pebbles in my palms. I felt them press against me as she breathed, I tried to remain calm, but I could feel my cock throbbing now, Jeesus! I said firmly: &quot;Yes, Amy, I like your breasts... very nice indeed,&quot; and I reluctantly pulled my hands back, saying, &quot;now, go back to bed sweetheart, and get some....&quot; I didn't get to finish, before she put my hands to her breasts again, her hands firmly massaging mine against her soft flesh. She said softly: &quot;That feels soooo ... good Daddy, rub my breasts, please Daddy, please!&quot; I couldn't stop myself, and once again I surrendered to her, as I kneaded her firm mounds, feeling her nipples harden even more. Amy pulled my hands down, and leaned over me, her now thrusting nipples just inches from my face. She implored me softly: &quot;Suck my breasts Daddy... please?&quot; and I was lost in her glowing eyes. My cock was raging hard by now, her clean little girl smell, and her thrusting nipples filled my senses. My arms enfolded her, pulled her to me. I nuzzled the flatness between her breasts, then ran my tongue flatly over her forming mounds of soft flesh. I couldn't resist her nipples, they were just as wonderful as her mother's. I licked each one in turn, keening in my throat, as the hard centers compressed under my tongue then popped back up again. &quot;Ohhh, Daddy!&quot; I heard her moan.

Then my hands slipped around her lovely ass-cheeks and clasped her to me. I put my finger-tips into the two dimples low on her back, and pushed in firmly, and she moaned again... I had been right... she was the same as her mother! I sucked a large nipple into my mouth, nursing at her like a hungry baby, opening my mouth up wide to encompass her whole breast. I licked around it with my tongue, then returned to suckling on her nipple. I worked one sweet little tit for a long time before moving to the other. Amy by now was lying on top of me, her hips writhing against my abdomen... and my rock-hard cock, tenting the bed-covers. I always sleep in the nude. Amy swung off of me, and pulled back the bed-covers, then laid down beside me, so I could continue to nurse at her wonderful nipples. I felt her hand fold around my stiff cock, and I shuddered as she squeezed me.... now I knew where this was leading! Our naked bodies pressed sweetly together, her skin was so soft - I started to tremble with need for her. Her fingertips lovingly caressed my cock and balls, before she grasped my shaft, and slowly began to stroke me up and down. &quot;Mmmppphhh.&quot; was all I could say, as her now swollen nipple filled my sucking mouth. With one hand behind my head, she pressed my mouth to her tit, while her other hand pumped my cock. My orgasm built quickly, and I frantically sucked harder at her tit, the whole thing deep in my mouth now.... God, she felt and tasted delicious! I irrationally wished she had milk to give me. I felt my orgasm start to build in my balls, and my circumcised cock-head throbbed and turned a bright red with the pressure. Then my entire body spasmed, and I released her tit as my mouth opened wide. I moaned: &quot;Yes Amy... YESSS! Do it to me honey... make Daddy CUM! Jeesus... you do it so nice! Ohhhh... Amy sweetheart... I'm going to...CUMMMMM honey.... make me cum in your hands, darling!

No more pretense, no trying to stop her, as my cock throbbed madly in her sliding hand. She looked at me, her eyes boring into mine, as her own mouth opened in desire, her wet lips drooling. Then I felt my volcano erupt, and I screamed: &quot;OHHHHHH... AMY.. that feels so GOOOOOD!&quot; as my cum shot high in the air, thick wad after wad falling back to splash on our bodies. Amy pumped my cock until every last drop was milked out, then held onto me as my cock slowly softened. She leaned over, and kissed me on my mouth, then eased her lovely nakedness onto mine, and gently squished herself around, spreading my sticky cum juicily all over us. &quot;I love you Daddy!&quot; she whispered lovingly, as I gave myself up to the delicious feeling of her body on mine... God! She was a sexy little bugger I thought... just like her Mom! &quot;Amy....&quot; I moaned. She was ahead of me: &quot;I know what you're going to say, I really shouldn't have done that. But I love you.. and I love making you feel good, doing that to your er... thing and making you cum all over us!&quot; She giggled cutely, then went on, her eyes were shining: &quot;And tonight was extra nice... it felt real good when you sucked my breasts! Plee...eease Daddy, please... let me do this to you! I'll never ever tell anyone, I promise!&quot; I hugged her tightly, and kissed her gently, and our bodies squelched wetly together, making slurping noises, and she giggled again. As she did so, her tummy rippled deliciously on my softening cock. I panted: &quot;Oh Amy darling... I know what we do is wrong, but I love your body... what you do to me!&quot; and I kissed her passionately again. Now her eyes were glowing happily as she listened, and I went on: &quot;You are becoming a gorgeous young woman... and so very sexy. So even though it's very wrong, baby, I need you... your soft little hands... oh everything!&quot; I gulped, and whispered in her cute little ear: &quot;So if you really want to do this thing... then okay...&quot; I nuzzled her neck, and added, &quot;...and you do it really good, really nice... just like your Mom!&quot; &quot;Ohhhhhh Daddy!&quot; she sighed happily, that was all that she had wanted to hear ... that she could take over her mother's place in my heart .. and body. Not replace... that could never be.

Chapter 4
We fell asleep in each others arms. Halfway through the night, I woke up to find her hands flying over me once more... two handed again, this time! If you've never had a two-fisted hand job, from the small hands of a young girl, then you haven't lived. The next morning I sucked her nipples, as she jacked me off once more. From then on she slept with me, and we were both happy, my young daughter satisfying her Dad's cock, and me titillating her little breasts. We went on like this for a little while, but I had been giving some thought to our sex-life together. And I figured I really should do more for her, after all I got to cum every time! All she got was her tits sucked, and the pleasure of jacking me off. I had by now fully accepted our incestuous relationship, so one night, as we laid cuddled together, my spent cock limp in her hand, I threw off the bed-covers. I sighed softly as I looked her over, laying there in just her tiny panties, her little breasts still glistening from my saliva. I reached down between her legs to her crotch, and gently pushed my fingers past the leg of her panties, into her softly yielding cunny lips. She was looking up at me now, smiling gently. &quot;Oh Daddy... what are you doing?&quot; she murmured softly, as if she didn't know... but I could see the excitement in her eyes. She knew all right... her friends at school had made sure of that! &quot;Darling, I want to make you feel as good as you make me feel.&quot; I said to her lovingly, as my fingers eased further into her. Her hips lifted slightly off the bed, meeting my fingers, and she smiled like a big Cheshire Cat at me, as she grasped my hand and pushed it against herself. Then she trembled, and murmured softly: &quot;Here Daddy... let me help you!&quot; and pushed my hand away now, and had her panties down and off her legs, in the blink of an eye. She spread her legs open for me, and I moaned softly as I looked down her lovely body, and my fingers caressed her girlish yet luscious thighs, feeling the hard muscles underneath.

I stroked her flat tummy, marveling at the silkiness of her skin, the softness of her young flesh. As my fingers ran up her inner thigh, across her puffy pussy mound, and down the other, she sighed in delight. I massaged her cunny lips, gently between my thumbs and fingers, compressing her sweet slit, and then I pushed one finger into her, feeling her slight wetness as it moved up to her clit. Her flesh felt like satin to my tactile finger-tips, and she trembled in pleasure. A heartfelt moan escaped her lips: &quot;Ohhh.. Daddy... that feels sooo...ooo good!&quot; Then I moaned in my turn, as my fingers felt her clitoris for the first time... it felt huge, sticking out from under her hood... I had to see it! I moved my body down between her legs, spreading her thighs wide, and gasped in wonder. My own daughter had the most beautiful pussy I have ever seen in my life, or even imagined. Her mother had been very close though... Amy was her mother's child all right! Her hairless pussy lips were puffy like her nipples. Her clit was as large as a marble.. it smiled out at me, gleaming softly, her clitoral hood peeling back without any help. Yet even so, she had no exterior labia at all, everything was very smoothly contoured. I carefully opened up her pussy lips, and marveled at the beauty within. Her silvery flesh was smooth and unblemished, her little pee-hole smiled up happily at me. The dark cave of her vagina was shining pink at the entrance, inviting further exploration of the treasures within. At the bottom of her vulva, the start of her perineum was smooth and pink, with a thin ridge extending down to the little crinkled volcano, that was her tawny anus. She smelled like fresh flowers, with just a touch of honey... she was absolutely perfect in every respect. My cock twitched madly, just looking at my daughter's sex... and I thanked whatever I had done in the past, to deserve this now! I massaged her clit between my thumb and fingers, gently rubbing it back and forth as she moaned out her delight. 

Chapter 5 
I MUST taste it! I lowered my mouth to my daughter's pussy, and licked my tongue between her cunny lips, up, up to her erect clit. As it snapped under my tongue she cried out. I massaged her hard clit with my tongue, up, down, left, right as her slender hips bucked beneath me. &quot;DAAADDDDY!&quot; she yelled, and I sucked her nub into my mouth, nursing on it like I do her nipples. &quot;UNHHHHHHHHH... MORE!&quot; she cried out in ecstasy. Her little girl cunt tasted so sweet, smells so good! Her protruding clitoris is so big, so shiny, I sucked her passionately, massaging her ass cheeks lovingly as I did so. I loved the feel of her ass in my hands as I pulled her to me. &quot;OHHH... GOD.. DAADDDDY!&quot; she shrieked, her whole body rising to meet me, her sweet young cunny pressing into my mouth. I felt her entire body turn rigid as she gasped deeply, holding her breath. I felt her quiver and heard her heartfelt groan as her climax rushed through her, like a run-away train. She fell back, only to rise and push against me again as the second wave of ecstasy hit her, driving her to extreme pleasure.

Her hands grabbed the back of my head, her hips pumped her cunny against my tongue as she orgasmed again and again, finally falling back to the bed. I licked her sweet pussy all over, so smooth and bald, tasting her honey juice. Never have I delighted so much in eating pussy, as my own little girl's! I moved to lie on my side beside her, and pulled her to me, embracing her tightly. She moaned happily: &quot;Ohhhh, Daddy... that was GREAT! Did I, uh, what'd you call it, cum?&quot; I murmured: &quot;Yeah Amy, you sure did, was it good for you?&quot; &quot;Oh yes Daddy... and I love you, for loving me so much.... for making me so happy.&quot; she said softly, then finally she fell asleep, completely wiped out. Well, my daughter is my lover now, we sleep together every night. Her lissom young body is such a turn on to me, that we always have sex before school and again at bedtime. I taught her to suck my cock too, and that became our standard, Amy sucks me off, swallowing my cum, then I eat out her sweet cunt. Or we sixty-nine each other, which she also loves very much. By the age of thirteen, little Amy was quite the young woman. Her breasts have grown a great deal, filling an A-cup, most of which is due to her lovely puffy nipples. Her young body has generous curves, a slim waist widening to shapely hips, that meld sweetly into the loveliest of young asses. Her pubic hair had started growing, and I told her she should keep her pussy free of hair, so we trim her regularly. Her pussy mound is nice and puffy, her sweetly fat lips beautifully defined. Her clitoral hood is long and low, and when she's excited, her clit peeks out at me between them. 

One night we made love to each other as usual, sixty- nining and orgasming gloriously together. As I hugged her to me afterwards she whispered: &quot;Daddy?&quot; &quot;What honey?&quot; I murmured. &quot;Daddy.... please fuck me.&quot; she said quite clearly. &quot;WHA... WHAT?&quot; I stammered wildly. &quot;Fuck me.... make love to me for real. I want your cock inside me Daddy... please.&quot; she said pleadingly, her eyes glowing into mine. &quot;Amy...&quot; I started, but she interrupted me. &quot;Daddy, we've been doing this for years now. I love to suck your cock, and you really make me cum good when you lick my pussy. But I want to do more for you... this can't be anything like real fucking. And I want you inside me.... I want to know what that's like.... and I want to fuck YOU!&quot; she announced firmly. &quot;God Amy! I know we've done just about everything else, but...&quot; I said. &quot;Don't you love me Daddy?&quot; she asked coyly, her eyes mischievous. I answered: &quot;You know I do, but...&quot; &quot;Then make love to me for real, Daddy. Please? I want you to so much...&quot; she insisted. My mind was in a turmoil. My sweet Amy and I have been having sex for over two years, but to actually fuck her... I've licked and sucked her cunny and clit, putting my tongue as far into her virgin vagina as I possibly could. I had even resisted the urge to finger- fuck her, not wishing to take her cherry, now my cock? I gulped. &quot;Daddy please... I love you. I want to make love with you, and I want to fuck you! Please?&quot; Amy murmured lovingly, stroking my stiff cock as she spoke. I made a last effort: &quot;Oh baby, I want to but...&quot; Before I could finish, Amy climbed onto me, her pussy lips pressing around my hard cock, pushing it down, rubbing against me, wet, wanting me. My daughter's breasts, and nipples waved above me, her wet cunny massaged my prick, I'm helpless... and surrender. I gulped: &quot;Okay darling...&quot; I told her, &quot;let's do it!&quot; 

Chapter 6 
I clasped her hips, and moved her pelvis up, away from me, and guided my cock head to her puffy lips. Then I rubbed it around on them, and she shuddered in pleasure. &quot;Ohhh... Daddy... that's so..ooo nice,&quot; she moaned as I rubbed against her. &quot;All right Amy... now push down onto me, let my cock- head enter you slowly.&quot; I instructed her. &quot;Okay Daddy.....&quot; she moaned. As her teen cunt slowly took my cock inside her, I felt the resistance of her cherry, and pushed my cock into her slightly. &quot;Ouch!&quot; she groaned, pulling up, &quot;why does it hurt?&quot; &quot;That's your hymen, Amy. You know what that is. The only way we can really fuck is to push my cock through it, into your vagina, and that will hurt you. So we'd better stop now, I don't want to hurt you, darling&quot; Amy looked at me, and smiled bravely, then plunged her pelvis down on me, my cock ripping through her hymen as she screamed in pain. Then she forced herself down further on my cock, finally collapsing onto me, hugging me tight, sobbing, my hard shaft deep in her little body.

&quot;Oh, baby, you didn't have to do that!&quot; I told her, almost crying myself, feeling her vaginal muscles automatically grab and squeeze my cock. &quot;Yes I did Daddy!&quot; she replied, &quot;and it doesn't hurt so much now... I want to fuck you so bad. GOD! I feel like I'm stretched out... as if my body is going to split in two!&quot; She moaned heartrendingly, and panted: &quot;Ohhh... your cock feels so..ooo good in me Daddy.... what do I do now?&quot; She was in pain, but it felt exquisite to her, I felt her pussy blood on my prick, oozing out, and dripping down onto my balls. I embraced my enchanting daughter, weeping in pleasure and compassion for her, my cock now deep in her up until now undefiled vagina. I grasped her slim hips, moving her up and down on me, my cock entering and almost leaving her cunt. My hands clasped her round ass cheeks, and I pulled her to me... I loved the feel of her cute ass in my hands.

I panted: &quot;Move like this sweetie... but if it hurts you too much please stop.&quot; &quot;No Daddy! That feels good! I can feel your cock deep inside me, and on the outside, it's rubbing against my clit! OH DADDY... I LIKE THAT!&quot; she groaned, and started moving on her own now. She snuggled against my chest, her pussy pumping my cock, holding onto me: &quot;OH DADDY, THIS IS GREAT!&quot; she moaned... &quot;am I fucking you Daddy... please tell me I'm fucking you!&quot; I felt her body moving faster, pumping my rod, her vagina tight then relaxed, then tight again. I felt her pussy lips as they sucked at my cock, her slippery velvety cunt clasping my shaft. &quot;Ohhhhhhh... baby... that's right... you're fucking me!&quot; I moaned. &quot;Yessssss Daddy....&quot; my daughter groaned as she moved faster, fucking me harder, &quot;Oh Daddy... Oh... Daddy... I... I... I think I'm... I'm going to... CUM!&quot; Then she arched her back up off me, her hips grinding into mine, her hands on my chest, head back, screaming frantically as her orgasm rocked her very being. Her pelvis thrust against me harder as her body took over, squeezing and pumping at my throbbing cock almost painfully. 

Worn out finally, she crashed down onto me, gasping, her hips still, my cock deep inside her little body. After a while, she raised her head, and panted out: &quot;Ohhhhh Daddy, I'm sorry. You didn't cum!&quot; &quot;That's all right Amy, honey, don't worry, I will...&quot; I told her as now I thrust my cock up into her. Then as I held her tight to me, I slowly rolled her over on the bed, until she was under me, and her sweet thighs automatically opened wider, as I raised my body off her, resting on my fore-arms. Her hips thrust up at mine, wanting more of me inside her, she was keening softly in her throat. Her eyes were glowing now, in the knowledge that her Daddy was going to really fuck her properly, just like a grown-up! I withdrew, then pushed into her steaming cunt again and again. I desperately fucked my own daughter, her cunt tighter and better than anything I've ever felt. Within moments her little body heaved, as she orgasmed again and again, screaming into my chest. Amy's little vagina was so warm, so smooth... it felt like hot butter. I fucked her harder and faster, holding her tight, feeling her beginning to climax a third time. As her vaginal muscles clenched around my shaft in a tight embrace, my cock exploded. &quot;OHHHHHHH BABY! YESSSSSS!&quot; I screamed out, as Amy screamed herself, &quot;YESSSS... DAADDDDY!&quot; And my cum flooded her vagina, then forced it's way into her tiny cervix. Her hands were beating at my chest, her legs wrapping themselves around my waist, as she climaxed again. My cum filled her body, and finally oozed out, as we orgasmed simultaneously. 

Finally we both collapsed, wiped out, but her tight pussy kept me inside her, for many more minutes, until my cock softened, then slowly slipped out of her no longer virginal pussy. My daughter and I were lovers from that point on, fully and completely. Even after she had discovered boyfriends, we slept and fucked together every night. Amy married finally, but still found time for her father, her 'first love' as she says, visiting me often. Years later, she offered her twelve year-old daughter to me, my grand-daughter, for my sexual pleasure, but I reluctantly declined... although I was sorely tempted. The little girl was willing, and a juicy looking little fuck. Just like her Mother was at that age. 

Now Amy is fifty-three, her body still firm and beautiful as a result of working out for years. She makes a point of visiting me often, sucks my cock until it's ready, then fucks me like there's no tomorrow. Her pussy still feels great, clenching around my stiff cock as she fucks me, she has marvelous control over her vaginal muscles. I told her once, I actually wouldn't mind dying inside her, and she had laughed as she panted out: &quot;Any-time Daddy... but not for a long while yet... okay? You're still a great FUCCKKK!&quot; and she kissed me passionately, as I shot my load deep into her cervix, for the thousandth and more time. End 



*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-* 
The author does not condone child abuse, this story is meant as an erotic fantasy not real life. Anyone acting out such scenarios in &quot;real life&quot; can look forward to many unproductive years getting it up the butt by a fellow convict in their local prison. *-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-* 
Kristen's collection