--Starting Out-- 

It all started about three weeks ago. The woman who lived across the way got hit by a car, at least that's what the people who were moving her stuff out said. Anyway, I live in a pretty popular part of town, so the apartment got filled almost instantly, literally two days later.

I could hear a lot of noise coming from outside my door so I decided to take a look, and the entire hallway was full of boxes. I could barely get my front door open all the way. Apparently the new tenants hadn't shown up yet, and the movers got here early. I passed it off and went back to what I was doing, until about 10 minutes later I got a knock on my door. 

A young woman, no older than 30 was there and she looked rather distressed over something. Behind her, I could see a girl trapsing her way through the maze of boxes on her way to the door across the hall. 

"Um, Hi. I don't mean to ... well, hm. That's not right, let me start over. My name's Maddie. I just moved in across the way, or... well, I am moving in it seems, and I was wondering... if it isn't too much trouble... well, you see... The movers just left everything outside! I tried to give them a key but they said it was against policy and blah blah blah... Well anyway, I have to make lunch for my daughter so I'll just say it. You look like a nice enough guy, would you mind helping me take these boxes inside?"

I had been standing there with a dumb smile on my face the whole time she tried to figure herself out, and found myself staring into her pleading brown eyes when I came back to my senses. Before I could say anything however, she started again.

"Ahh, I understand, you're probably busy. I'll just... take them inside later or something. I just hope no one will steal anything."

I had more of a chance this time, and tried to calm her down. "No no no, this is a very safe apartment complex. I've been here for just over a year now and nothing has happened. Also, actually, I wasn't doing anything but watching a bit of TV, so I'd love to help you out."

"That's great!" she almost seemed to yell, "I mean.. um, well, thank you. Thank you." -- "Yeah, no problem. Just let me get my keys."

Maddie moved some boxes out of the way so I could get out and with a bit of effort we got her front door wide open. From there, I lifted up a stack of boxes and stood there for a moment, waiting for her to direct me. I had never actually seen the inside of Mrs. Fordoux's apartment, so I had no idea what I was getting myself into. 

"Oh, right. Haha. Sorry, Well, right this way." She led me in, through the door and down the entry corridor. We passed a bathroom on the left and came into a living room area. Maddie pointed to the corner on the far wall and told me to just stack them all there, then she went off to start making lunch. Not before thanking me three more times, however.

A few more loads later, I had just reached the end of the entry corridor and I ran into something that hadn't been there before. The boxes fell and I caught myself on the wall, but I ended up knocking what turned out to be a young girl over.

"Ow!" she cried, turning to me and staring widely at me with her dark brown eyes. "Mommy!" She jumped up and ran to the kitchen, clutching her elbow close to her side. I just stood frozen, I had forgotten I had seen the girl and hadn't been careful enough. A few moments later, Maddie and the girl came around the corner. The girl was hiding behind Maddie's arm, apparently scared to death of me.

"Oh, sweetie, that's just... wait, I didn't catch your name...." -- "James." -- "Ah, right. James here is just helping me with the boxes that the moving people decided to just leave in the hallway." The three of us stood there for a few moments in an awkward silence before Maddie broke the silence again. "And this is Jenny. She's 7 and doesn't take too well to strangers."

I knelt down and smiled at Jenny, waved and said hello, but she just got farther behind her mother. I quickly remembered something and ran into my apartment, then came back. "Jenny. I have something I think you might like." and from behind my back I pulled a small teddy bear with a red and purple heart stitched into it's belly. I turned to her Mom, who had a skeptical look on her face (I don't blame her either, why would a grown man like me have a stuffed animal?) and quickly explained myself. "There's a special brand of cookies that I always buy and they had a gift set the last time I went to the store. The same price for the pack with the bear, so I went ahead and got it. Strange luck, huh?" Jenny inched over and grabbed the teddy bear out of my hands, turned it over three times, seemingly inspecting it to see if it was explosive, and then she clutched it tight to her chest and gave me a half smile before running off to her room.

"Seems she likes it." Maddie said, chuckling to her self. "Seems she does." I noted after watching Jenny's small feet pad down the hall and dart swiftly into her new bedroom.

I continued bringing boxes in, and the pile inside was starting to get very high. It almost looked like Christmas, just without the tree, lights or wrapping paper. As I finally got the last load of boxes in and set them down, Maddie poked her head out and said "Well, I see you're done. I don't have any money to repay you, but if it'll do, I made enough lunch for the three of us." 

"Ahh, no, I couldn't. It would be awkward for Jenny, she doesn't know me at all." -- "Nonesense. Jenny warms up pretty quickly once she finds out someone isn't all that bad. JENNY! Food's Ready!" she called, and it seemed immediately Jenny darted out of her bedroom as fast as she had gone in. She ran past, shooting a glance at me that said "Oh, you're still here?" before disappearing around the corner. "Come on, come on. You look tired. You should eat. I promise it's good!"

"Um.. Well, alright. I guess it wouldn't hurt." I followed Maddie into the kitchen/dining room area and saw that she had already laid out three plates and the food was on the table, ready to be eaten. 'She wasn't going to take no for an answer.' I thought to myself before sitting down across from Jenny. I noticed the small bear I had given her sitting next to her cup and she noticed me looking at it, darted her eyes from it to me a few times then gave me a huge smile. At that moment I realized her eyes match her mother's. 

-----------------------

After eating, I said my goodbyes and started on my way out, then almost got pulled down by what felt like a dead weight on my leg. It turned out to be Jenny, she had clamped her legs and arms around my leg, making it near impossible for me to move. Maddie came running after her and laughed when she saw this. "She used to do that with her Dad. Strange she would do it with you so quickly." I looked down at Jenny and noticed she wasn't smiling like before. She looked a bit depressed, and her mother clapped her hands to her mouth, realizing what she had just said and Jenny slid off my leg before sulking away. It seemed her bright spirit had just been drained. "Sorry, honey!" Maddie called to her as she lightly slammed the door to her bedroom. "You see, before we moved here, we were living in a nicer place. It was being paid for by my husband's job, but he died and I don't make quite as much at my job so, well, we had to move here."

"Oh man, I'm so sorry." I didn't know what else to say. A tear ran down Maddie's face and she put her head on my shoulder. "I just, I don't know what I will do. I had been with him for ten years!" She started sobbing, and I could feel her tears soaking through to my shoulder. I just calmly patted her shoulder in a "It's okay" sort of way, but then Maddie realized just how strange this looked and pulled away. She wiped the tears from her eyes and told me it would probably be best if I left now. I didn't know her very well yet, but I wanted to do something to help her. However, I knew my place. I went back to my apartment and laid in my bed, trying to think of something else. However, the thought of those two beautiful girls, not so far away, in a state of distress wouldn't leave my mind for quite some time.

--A Walk in the Moonlight--

The next day I received a knock on my door. I rarely got visitors, so I could only assume it would be Maddie, and sure enough, there she was. At first, she apologized for last night, saying it was a horrible first impression to make on someone, and I assured her it was nothing, but she quickly got to her underlying meaning of coming over.

"Would you like to have some lunch?" She asked, a look that could be described as a mix of hope and need shining across her face. Just before I could politely refuse, Jenny poked her head out from behind Maddie and smiled. "We're having Mac and Cheese!" I smiled at this and thought to myself 'Aww, Who could resist a face like that...?' So I agreed, but said I would be over in about ten minutes. "That's perfect! See you soon."

I closed my door and said to myself "Wow, she perked up a lot since last night." I finished up what I was doing inside, took a quick 5 minute shower, dried off and dressed myself. I didn't exactly have time to clean myself up the night before, and I felt bad about that, so I made sure this time I would be presentable. 

I knocked on the door across the hall from mine and not five seconds later did I see Jenny's beautiful face smiling up at me. She led me inside and into the dining area, and motioned for me to sit down. Then, she took the same place she had been in yesterday and sat with her chin resting on the palms of her hands, staring at me. I won't lie, it made me feel a little nervous. Jenny's eyes were seemingly inspecting everything about me. I wanted to be polite, so I sat and patiently waited. Jenny started squirming her mouth around and started making funny faces, a couple of which made me smile, which in turn made her smile grow wider.

Maddie came in with a big pot full of macaroni, and to my surprise she had added some chopped up sausages to it. Memories of how my grandmother made this for me as a kid came flooding back, and I couldn't wait to taste it. Before we dug in however, I looked over at Maddie, who seemed to have something she had to say. "You know, we just wanted to thank you for all of the work you did last night. One meal didn't seem to be enough."

I was a generally modest man, so I always tended to act like things didn't mean anything. I waved it off like it was nothing, but she came at me again. "No, I'm serious! It was a tremendous help, and it would have taken me at least three times the time it took you. So please, eat up, there's nothing much else I can do to thank you, anyway." I understood that she felt indebted to me for some reason, so I went ahead and grabbed the ladle, but this time I served Jenny first, then Maddie, then myself. A couple of minute in, I could feel Jenny's eyes staring at me again and our eyes met. Jenny's eyes darted from mine to her mother's and back a few times before spurting out "Mommy likes you." Jenny quickly covered her mouth and giggled, and her mother shot a stern glance at her. "Jenny! What are you saying?" Maddie's cheeks immediately turned a slightly darker shade. "Honestly, to say such a thing at the dinner table." 

"But you do!, She told me last night." Jenny turned to me, a bright glow on her face. Maddie quickly tried to cover up what had been said by saying she had only been talking about how nice it was that he had helped them, but Jenny butted in and said "And how strong he is, and how nice he is, she kept saying how nice you were. And she was smiling the whole time." Maddie grew even more red in the cheeks, and shot more looks at Jenny, but the whole time she wasn't exactly denying anything that Jenny was saying. 

Maddie was a beautiful woman, she couldn't be any older than me, a good three inches shorter, making her 5'7", dark brown hair to match her brown eyes, she wore glasses which attributed her face quite nicely and her figure was actually pretty stunning. I could definitely see something in her, but hadn't given the thought that she might see that same thing in me. 

"Well, surely you are a bit weirded out by now, and the rest of the night has been ruined. Before I came over we ran to the store and picked up a new DVD that Jenny has been wanting to see. I was going to ask you if you would like to watch it with us." I gave the best smile I could to Maddie, and decided to surprise her. "Well, actually, I had no plans for the rest of the night. Coincidentally, I am on vacation from my work, so I have nothing but free time on my hands. And it does get quite lonely at my place sometimes..." Jenny's eyes lit up and grew wide, and she jumped out of her chair and ran into the living room. "Are you sure? I mean, I hope it won't be too awkward for you or anything, after all that my silly little daughter told you."

"Haha, yeah, well I will say that I can reciprocate some of those feelings, even though we have only known each other for a short time. You are a beautiful woman." Maddie blushed again at this, but tried to compose herself. "Well, I hope you like what Jenny picked out then."

---

I walked into the living room and found Jenny moving some things around, trying to make it look good enough to enjoy a movie, trying to hide the fact that there were still a hundred boxes stacked in the corner. I noticed that the DVD player hadn't been set up yet, so I went ahead and connected it to the TV and plugged everything in. As I was finishing up, I could hear a sound of popping coming from somewhere and then quickly smelled the aroma of buttery popcorn fill my nostrils. I turned on the TV and grabbed the bag that had the movie in it. "A Walk in the Moonlight" was the title. I glanced over at Jenny, who grinned back in a philandering kind of way. I could feel a slight bit of push coming from Jenny, she was pushing herself to have me come over, she picked a movie that girls her age weren't really into... She was trying to hook me up with her mom!

Jenny piled a bunch of pillows on the sofa and plopped down in the middle, waving for me to come over, patting the cushion a couple of times. I grabbed the remote and sat down, and almost immediately Jenny laid her head on my arm. It was becoming more and more apparent to me that Jenny was missing her father a lot, and she knew the best way to have someone else around was to get her Mom with someone else. I had no idea a girl her age could be so smart!

From the kitchen, I could hear the sound of a cell phone ringing. After a few rings, it stopped and the intro to the movie was starting. A few minutes later, Maddie came in with the popcorn. Jenny mindlessly grabbed a handful and placed it in her lap, using her dress as a bowl. I noticed something else as well. Maddie seemed to be deep in thought about something, like she wanted to say something but didn't know how to say it. I paused the movie and Jenny shot me a look of "What the fuck?" but she quickly noticed that I was watching her mother and she turned her gaze over to her as well.

"Ah, I guess I'm still no good at hiding when I've got something on my mind." Maddie rubbed her cheek a bit and I looked questioningly at her while Jenny tapped her foot impatiently. "Mom, what is it?" Jenny asked, trying to give the sweetest questioning voice she could. "Well, I have good news and... well, a proposition. I just got a phone call, and someone offered me a job."

"That's great!" I smiled, "Why would you be worried about that?" -- "Well, you see... He said I have to start tonight. Apparently someone just walked out on him, and he needs someone as soon as possible. He said if I can be there in an hour, I've got the job... And... I told him okay." This new information dawned on me and I understood immediately. She has to leave immediately and she has no time to find a babysitter. Jenny is too young to stay by herself, and she can't take her daughter to her first day of work. "I see..."

"So, well, what I'm trying to say is, I need you to watch Jenny tonight. It'll only be a couple of hours, it's just the second half of the girl's shift...." Jenny's gaze shot to mine and she had a huge grin on her face. "You mean he can sleep over?" -- "Well, that answers part of my worry... but James, I can't expect you to be okay with this, and I am not exactly okay with it either, because I only just met you. However, it will only be for a couple of hours, so I guess it'll be alright."

"Ah, sure! Yeah, no problem. I used to watch my neice all the time, so I have a bit of history with kids, so it won't be a problem for me. And as long as it's okay with Jenny, it's okay with me." As if Jenny's smile wasn't already large, it seemed to get even wider. She latched on to my arm and buried her head into my chest. "Yay!"

----

Shortly after, Maddie headed out in her nicest clothing. Honestly, it seemed a bit revealing to me, but it was not my place to bring it up. We continued watching the movie and I noticed Jenny snuggling in closer than she had before. She pulled my arm around her neck and I could feel her chest rise as she inhaled deeply. Was she trying to smell me?

I would have passed it off as just a wierd kid thing, but as she exhaled, she placed her arm on my leg and rubbed her head against the break between my arm and my chest. Her hair ruffled and it tickled me a little bit. We continued watching the movie and Jenny's hand slowly crept farther away from her own leg. 

Now, it had been quite a while since my last encounter with a woman. I had been having a bit of a dry spell, and had been resorting to servicing myself at home a lot. This kind of attention from anyone would have probably made my little guy come alive, but I knew it wasn't right for this cute little girl to be doing anything like this. However, I wasn't quite sure if she knew what she was doing. Her eyes were glued to the TV and she wasn't shooting me any glances or anything. Her hand was dangerously close to my member, so I had to try my best not to think about the reality of the situation in order to keep him down. I also glued my eyes to the TV, but just my luck, a very romantic scene was starting. 

The man and woman were walking down a small side-street in the middle of the night. The moonlight shone down on them through the trees and the woman on screen had tripped on a piece of ice in the snow and the hero swooped down and caught her just in time, coincidentally ending up in a perfect situation where their eyes met and their faces were three inches from eachother. Her breath was fast and you could see it bellowing out from her lips and he moved in for the kiss. As their lips met, Jenny's hand grabbed hold of my penis and in shock, I turned to Jenny who simultaneously lifted herself up, turned to me and pressed her lips against mine. 

She held her eyes closed and mine grew wide. What was she doing? She held her position and squeezed me a couple of times. While doing this, she pressed her tongue against my closed mouth, trying to force it inside. Lost in the moment, I gave in. I grabbed Jenny around the waist, lifted her up and planted her on my lap. Her legs wrapped around my midsection and her tongue slipped into my mouth. She searched around for mine and she soon found it. With a little bit of coersion, she achieved what she wanted. My tongue came alive and began a little dance inside my mouth, then inside hers, then back to mine. Her mouth was smaller than any I had been inside, but it was very warm and it brought back memories of my last girlfriend. 

She clutched onto me, tightening the strength of her legs and she started rubbing against my belly. She tried to stretch herself as low as she could, but she was just too short. Either she would have to break the kiss, or get low enough to reach my lap. For now, she stayed in the prolonged kiss, but she continued to rub herself against my shirt. After a couple more moments, I broke the kiss. When I did so, I got a chance to look at Jenny. The expression on her face had changed completely. She had turned from the innocent, bright, lively fun loving child into some sort of lustful, wanting, needing young girl. I could see in her eyes that she had been wanting this for a while, and I had to guess that it was her father who had been doing this with her before. Who else would she trust so much? Who else would do this for her without getting caught, or much less known from her mother?

I saw a drop of sweat roll down Jenny's temple and I realized that she had gotten very hot around the area I was holding her. "Are you hot?" I asked, matter-of-factly, and she didn't say anything. She just nodded and lifted her arms straight up. I placed her on my lap, and I could feel my now fully erect penis press against her. She made a tiny jump when she felt this as well, but then another smile crossed her face. This time, however, it was a "Aha, I knew it!" sort of smile. I reached down and grabbed the hem of her dress, and lifted it up and over her head. She dropped her arms and it popped off of her head. I placed her dress on the top of the sofa and turned back to Jenny. My eyes gazed down on a perfect body. Smooth, clean, perfect. Her nipples were small, round and perfectly flat. My eyes continued downward and landed on her light pink panties. I saw a slight hint of dampness near the edge of where my penis had been pressing against her, and just then I received a peck on my chin. 'Girls always know how to bring your attention back to their face, even at this age. Heh.' I thought.

Jenny smiled up at me, eyes glistening. I returned the favor with a kiss to her forehead. There seemed to be a unspoken agreement that had been made, not to talk about what we were doing, and just to do it. She had figured out that I needed a release, and I had found out that she has been without any attention from a man for a while. I also realized that she must have been keeping this a secret from her mother, as she didn't act this way when her mom was around. 

I wrapped my arms around her again in embrace, and she started rocking her hips. Through my pants, I could faintly feel Jenny's soft pussy rubbing against me, and Jenny seemed to start enjoying herself. The friction of her movements forced the fabric on my pants to rub against me and I started to feel it, but it was still not as good as I remembered. I repositioned myself and pushed my penis up toward Jenny and I could see my bulge start to form a valley between Jenny's legs. Jenny pressed harder against me, her breath got heavier. Her eyes were locked shut and her head was pointing downward. She seemed determined to get herself off. I noticed that since I had repositioned, I could now reach Jenny's mouth, so I tapped her on the head lightly and she looked up at me with a desperate look on her face. I leaned into her and our lips locked again. Instantly we were sharing our fluids and I had noticed that she wasn't as warm as before. Or was it that I was warmer than before? I am not quite sure. 

Our kiss turned a bit sloppy, based on Jenny's hurried movements of her waist, but it didn't seem to harm either of our moods. Jenny pulled away and took in a deep breath then let out a loud sigh. I could feel my pants were getting more damp and it dawned on me that she must have just had an orgasm. Most girls I had been with in the past would scream or muffle themselves in a pillow when they orgasmed and I had never had a girl sigh, but I guess there is a first time for everything.

Jenny seemed to lose all of her energy and she slumped against my chest, her head landing against the right side of my chest. Through my shirt I could feel her heart beating really fast and I looked down into her golden brown hair. I rubbed my nose into her, taking in that wonderful scent. Was it strawberries? I'm not quite sure. However, it quickly became what I knew as "Jenny's Scent".

--Jenny is Mine--

Jenny fell asleep in my arms and I cradled her while the movie finished. The guy got the girl, they got married, but then she got diagnosed with brain cancer. How about that. I looked down at Jenny who was still sound asleep in my arms and decided it might be a good idea to take her to her room. Her mother may be home soon and it was already pretty late, so it would make sense for Jenny to have gone to bed. 

I lifted her up, adjusted her so her head was resting on my shoulder and clutched her bottom for support. She was very soft. With my free hand I gathered her dress and, recalling Jenny running in and out of her room yesterday, headed to the first door on the left of the hallway. I opened the door and flipped the light switch on to find, to my surprise, a very well organised and tidy room. Jenny seemed more like one of those girls who would leave her things laying about and decide to clean them up eventually.

I laid Jenny down on her bed, it wasn't anything fancy, just a plain boxspring and mattress, the blanket was a light pink with slightly darker hearts all over it. My eyes wandered back to Jenny and I noticed her panties had a dark spot on them from just before, and decided it'd be best to change them. I looked around and found the dresser and looked through the drawers before finding a neat stack of variously colored panties. They were all bright spring colors, blues, greens, yellows and pinks, and there were a couple of white ones as well. I picked up the one on top and turned to go back to Jenny, but she was sitting up, staring at me. "What are you doing?" she asked.

"Oh, I was just grabbing you a fresh pair of underwear." Jenny glanced down at her panties briefly, then looked back at me and shook her head. "Ah, no, it's okay." Jenny slid to the edge of her bed and held her legs out in front of her. She sat for a few seconds like this until shooting me a look of 'Well, come on!" I kept the clean pair and walked over, placing them on the nightstand. I stood in front of Jenny, not sure of what she wanted me to do, but she answered my question before I could ask with a couple upward flicks of her nose that I understood as "Take them off." This is one of the things I liked about Jenny. She was pretty quiet, but not too quiet. 

I bent down and positioned myself between Jenny's legs, knowing that once I did this, there would be no explaining myself when her mother walked in suddenly. I shot a glance toward the door and Jenny smiled. "Oh, Mom won't be home until morning. She always works all night. This job is the same as all the others." -- "But she said she would only be out for a couple hours?" -- "She always says that, then she comes home in the morning, says sorry to the babysitter, makes breakfast and thinks that that makes it all better." Jenny had a look of disgust mixed with sadness on her face, and I just melted. Her mother is never there for her, and now that her dad is gone, it will become worse.

Jenny quickly came back to reality however, and nudged my side before glancing at her panties then me and back a couple of times. I grabbed the sides of her pretty pink panties and after Jenny squirmed a little to get them over her bottom, they slid graciously down her legs and revealed a nicely shaped mound that seemed to perfectly compliment her body. I could see it was a little puffy from our previous encounter, and it was a little shiny near the opening, where it was seemingly still a little wet. Jenny pointed over to a clothes hamper near the dresser and I balled up the panties and tossed them over. Jenny giggled and ticked my side with her toes before wrapping the tips around my back and pulling me closer to her. She laid back on the bed, propping herself up by her elbows and spread her legs, displaying herself to me.

I leaned into her and caught a whiff of her beautiful aroma, which was different than her hair but just as sweet. I placed one hand on either side and opened her up before taking the plunge and indulging myself in her delicious juice. It was different than what I was expecting, and even still different than any other girl I had been with. It seems every girl has their own taste. I continued licking Jenny, my tongue seemingly filling her whole pussy at times, and I could see that Jenny was enjoying herself because she clutched onto the cover and closed her eyes, threw her head back and started pushing her hips towards me. It seemed that even though my tongue wasn't entering her yet, she was still getting enough excitement out of this, so I decided to hold off on penetrating her for now. Heck, at that time I had no idea if she had ever been penetrated. 

Jenny let out a couple of soft moans and I could feel her body heat had increased again and she had started sweating. Not wanting to end things too early, I moved away from her vulva and she got silent for a moment. I continued licking and kissing, but I started leading upward. I arrived at her belly button, an outie, and briefly sucked on it before continuing upward. I reached her buds and swirled around the left, then the right and gave a tiny nibble to the right which in return I received a slight jump from Jenny. This pleased me, I love that kind of reaction in girls. I continued upward still, reached her neck and hovered there for a minute, giving an ample amount of attention to the underside of her chin. In my experience, I have found that girls are pretty sensitive there. Finally I reached her mouth, where it was apparent Jenny was anticipating my arrival because she immediately grabbed my head and ensued in attacking my mouth, reaching her tongue in as far as she could. Honestly, it didn't go that far, but I tried to entertain her by putting up a little fight with my own.

I broke the kiss and pulled off my shirt, dropped my pants and climbed into her bed. She was all over me instantly. I kept thinking to myself, "Where is she learning how to be like this? She's so young!" However, I wasn't about to stop her. She was practically coming on to me and I hadn't had any in quite a while. Jenny slid underneath the covers and I thought for a second where she could be going, but quickly found out as I felt two little hands around the hem of my boxers and a sudden rush of cool air. 

I could feel Jenny's breath and assumed she was trying to get a good look at it. It was probably still dark beneath the covers and her eyes hadn't adjusted yet. Jenny's hands explored a bit, first clumsily trying to get a hold of it, then seemingly measuring it with her hands. She then found my balls, which she rolled around in her fingers for a minute. I continued to feel her breathing out of her nose right onto the head of my penis when she grabbed hold of the base with both hands as if to steady it.

Shortly after, I felt a familiar wet sensation around the head. She must have really wanted to do this, because she didn't waste any time on the matter. I could feel myself getting bigger inside her mouth, and she started moving. Her saliva covered my penis and quickly I was sliding in and out of her like a lollipop on a hot summer day. She seemed to know exactly what she was doing, as she was already better than some of my high school girlfriends. I could also feel how small her mouth was because I had never filled a girl's mouth up this much before. I could feel her teeth rubbing against me and a couple of them were slightly digging in, but honestly it helped more than it hurt. I could get used to this, I thought.

Jenny increased her speed a bit, and could feel myself coming any time now, so I lifted the cover up to try to warn her. She ignored me and hammered on, but I didn't think she would want me to cum into her throat so I tried to pull her off of me. She batted me away and shot me a look of "Fuck Off", to which I pulled away and let her do her thing. She seemed determined to get me as far into her as possible, because she pushed harder and harder. I could feel myself pushing against the back of her throat, but she didn't care. She seemed to know what was coming however, because she grabbed my balls and shuffled them around in her hand for a few seconds. This was it for me. I shot a load into her, and could feel it fill up whatever space was remaining in her mouth. Jenny had stopped moving for a moment as I came, but almost immediately after I was finished she continued. 

With the new texture in her mouth, it was a completely different feeling. I had never done anything like this with another girl, and surprisingly I didn't get soft. I could feel my sperm leaking out of her mouth and onto the rest of my penis, lubricating it to a new level which made it exponentially easier for Jenny to maneuver herself around me and she started a new thing that I can only describe as brushing her teeth with my dick. Finally she pulled out, I lifted the cover up and over her, she came up, her face was covered with my seed, and she gave me the most interesting smile before noisily swallowing everything that was in her mouth. 

She then moved herself up onto me and lowered herself onto my penis. My first thought was 'Oh god, no! I'm too big!' but she actually didn't have me enter her. She just simply rubbed herself against my shaft. Her pussy was significantly warmer than her mouth and I could feel that Jenny enjoyed doing this more than anything. I was spent, however, and I couldn't understand why my little guy wasn't calming down. I leaned back and relished in the feeling of this beautiful young girl grinding herself into me. All I could think about was how lucky I must be to have come into this situation.

