John wakes up slowly, thoughts flow through his head of what he will do today. He reaches over to the nightstand to turn the lamp on, but there is something wrong. The lamp is not there. He sits up and turns to stand up, but there is no floor next to his bed. His eyes adjust to the room and now he can see that he is in a large room with what looks like 50 or so beds in it, each bed is two-tiered and he is on the top tier of one near the far edge of the room.

Then, the room moves a little bit, he feels his bed under him swaying as if it were on water. He crawls over to the ladder and starts to climb down, but just as he lifts himself off of his bed, a large bright spotlight turns on and shines directly at his bed. In the distance he can see something coming towards him. It looks like a motorcycle, but it is flying. As it gets closer he can see it isn't quite a motorcycle and the driver pulls out a gun, shooting John in the neck. John falls asleep almost instantly.

There is a loud bump and clash sound that startles John, shaking him awake. This time, there is a small amount of light coming from outside the room. He looks around and notices that several other people have woken up as well, and John turns to the one closest to him, asking if they knew where we were. The last thing the other passenger could remember was going to sleep in his bed the night before. John thinks back, and that is the last thing he remembers as well, excluding the time that he woke up earlier. John also takes note that the person he was talking to looks slightly familiar. He knows he has seen him somewhere, but can't put his finger on it.

There is a bit of noise coming from outside the room. A large door is opened on one side of the room and a swarm of what look like solders comes in and starts grabbing people off of their beds. Each person is handcuffed and pushed out of the room, John near the back of the group. With the sun shining on the rest of the people, he now realizes that most of these people are from his town. He recognises a few co-workers, some of the neighboring kids and even the little old lady who works the grocery store near his house. 

Still a little confused as to what is going on, John looks around and notices a fairly large building in front of the group. He also notices that most of the other people aren't resisting arrest at all. Some even have smiles on their faces. This triggers a thought to himself --- Why am I just going along with this as well? No matter how hard he tries, he can't come up with a good reason to resist. That and he'd probably just get shot again by one of those guns they have. 

They reach the building and are led into a lobby-looking area where a man is standing at a raised podium on the far side of the room. The man welcomes everyone to "Freis-Droge Research Facility" and thanks everyone for coming. He goes on to explain that the tests won't take long, but he needs everyone's full cooperation for everything to go smoothly. His voice is calm and soothing, and John feels he can trust this man, for some reason. The group is led into another room and an attendant helps the first person onto what looks like a crane of some sort. The man grabs onto two poles hanging around his head and the machine pulls him up and away. The next person who goes is actually his next door neighbor's son, who John, though he would not like to admit it, had been watching through his bedroom window and pleasuring himself to.

Finally it is John's turn and the attendant helps him to clasp his arms to the crane-like mechanism before it whisks him away in the same direction as the others. A little bit down the line, John notices that the machine is pulling people in different directions, almost like it's sorting them. He ends up in a room with 5 other people in chairs positioned circularly around a pillar in the center of the room. To his surprise, in the room with him is the boy he had his eyes set on from earlier. The machine sets John down in the sixth chair and the chair straps him in. A machine behind him in the pillar beeps a few times and a screen above his head turns on showing diagnostic information about John. 

After a few minutes, a man in a white lab coat comes into the room and checks everyone's vitals. He leaves and a woman comes in and does the same. Finally, an older looking man comes in and heads straight for John. He explains that the other two doctors were part of a test to see how people react to different genders of doctor. John looks around and realizes that the other 5 people have blank looks on their faces as if they were frozen. John motions in their direction and the doctor reassures John that they are fine, he just needs them to be asleep to ensure the test results are not biased. The doctor continues to explain that he decided to see John first because there was a discrepancy in the last test in John's behavior. All of the other people in this room had reacted normally, being aroused by the attractive female or handsome male doctors but John hadn't reacted to either of them. 

The doctor found this to be curious and he decided to try something. He walked over to the other side of the room, John heard a few beeps and the sound of one of the other people in the room getting out of their chairs. The doctor returns with the neighbor boy in his arms and places him on John's lap. He instructs John to hold on to him for a minute and make sure he doesn't fall off because he is still asleep. John repositions the boy on his lap so they are facing eachother and gets a good grip on the boy. John watches the doctor curiously as he walks over to another part of the room and takes some notes on his clipboard while studying some screens.

John starts to feel a little aroused because of the position of the boy on his lap, and feels that before things get worse he should call the doctor over. He asks the doctor what exactly he is doing and the doctor raises his head, noticing John staring at him with a needing look in his eyes. The doctor apologizes for taking so long and grabs the boy off of John's lap. He starts to walk away but notices something in the corner of his eye. He stops and turns, still holding the boy in his arms and mentions how interesting it is that John had no reaction to the male doctor, or the female doctor, but when presented with such a young boy, he produces a bulge of that size. John tries to conceal his newly realized situation and the doctor consoles him, saying that it's perfectly okay that he has reacted this way, as it is part of the test. 

The doctor snaps his fingers and two large doors come sliding down from the ceiling. John, the doctor, and the boy are now secluded in a small portion of the already fairly small room. The doctor pulls something out of his pocket, sticks it in the boy's mouth and sets the boy down on John's lap again. He turns and heads toward a door leading out of the room. John asks where he is going, and the doctor explains that he can't let John suffer in his current situation. This confuses John a bit at first, but as the doctor closes the door behind him, John's chair releases some restraints and within seconds, John cannot move. Next, a mechanical arm comes out of a nearby panel in the wall and undoes John's pants, pulling them down to his legs. At this, John is now sitting, restrained to his chair, completely exposed to the boy he had been dreaming about violating for years. 

***

Kyle wakes up. He rubs his eyes and looks around the room. He stands up and asks John what exactly was going on. All that John can say is that the doctor called it a "test". The boy's attention goes somewhere else for a second and he asks John if he could hear that. John hadn't heard anything, but Kyle stops him and tells him to just listen. John still can't hear anything, but Kyle goes quiet for a second, turning his gaze to John's erection. Kyle's eyes grow wide and he replies to the air around him that he can't do whatever it is he is being asked to do, then he goes quiet again and a look of fear goes across his face. Kyle replies with a short "Okay..." before walking towards John and bending down between his legs. John can sense what he's about to do, but cannot understand what exactly is causing him to do this. Kyle obviously doesn't want to do this, but something, somewhere is making him. 

Kyle opens his mouth as wide as he can and positions himself above John's erection. He lowers his head, John's head entering Kyle's mouth. It fits almost perfectly into Kyle's young mouth. Kyle waits for a second, and then as if there were someone telling him exactly what to do, he starts to suckle on the portion that is inside his mouth. A look of disgust goes across Kyle's face and John can only assume it's because he hadn't had time to clean himself before coming here, and he truthfully had no idea how long it had been since he had been 'taken'. Kyle reluctantly starts to lower his head down the length of John's shaft, before abruptly stopping about halfway down. As if being told how to do it, Kyle repositioned himself so he could allow more of John's dick into his mouth, and John could feel his dick pressing against the back of Kyle's throat. With the new position, it seemed to open up a bit of more area in Kyle's mouth and John figured that this must be Kyle's throat opening up, allowing his dick to reach deeper into him. At this point, Kyle had the whole length of John's dick inside his mouth and he was sucking as hard as he could on it. Kyle was obviously trying to end things quickly so he could end this, but what Kyle didn't know was that John has a very high tolerance when it comes to blowjobs. 

Whatever was talking to Kyle understood this and soon after, Kyle pulled away about half way before plunging John's dick back into his throat. He did this a few times, each time becoming more and more easier. To John's surprise, Kyle's face had lost all signs of disgust, and Kyle had more of a determined look about him. Kyle started to move faster, now that John's dick was covered in his saliva and could smoothly move in and out of his mouth. Kyle noticed that he himself had produced a little bulge in his own pants, and he reached down into his shorts, starting to pump himself while simultaneously plunging John's dick into his throat. Unable to efficiantly multitask with this sort of thing, Kyle slowed down as he pumped himself harder and something happened that surprised both John and Kyle. 

The restraints on John had been released. John, feeling extremely aroused at the fact that the boy he had been sucking him off for the past several minutes couldn't stand it anymore. John stood up, grabbed the boy and laid him on the chair he had been in just a moment before, Kyle's ass sticking out directly towards John. John feverously pulled Kyle's shorts down to his ankles and Kyle, in amazement, stares wide-eyed back at John, now aware of what John is about to do.

John lines his dick up with Kyle's small asshole, confident that there will be no problem, as Kyle's saliva continues to slowly drip off of John's dick. John basks in the moment, thinking back at how many times he had imagined doing this in the past. John grabs his penis by the head and presses it up against Kyle's ass, moving it around to get a good grasp on how to best enter his new friend. John grabs Kyle by the waist and pulls him softly towards his hips, his dick smoothly entering Kyle's narrow passage. John could feel Kyle's ass clench around his penis, the feeling even better than he had imagined. Kyle screams out in pain, but John places Kyle back down on the chair and covers Kyle's mouth with a free hand, supporting himself using his other hand against Kyle's back. John starts pumping in and out of Kyle's ass, Kyle bites down on John's hand, but this only entensifies things for John. 

John pulls out almost completely, before thrusting himself back into Kyle again, Kyle yelping in pain like a dog being beat. Then, Kyle starts to cry. John tells him to keep quiet, but Kyle motions towards his own penis and John realizes that Kyle has released himself as a result of the last thrust John had done. This intensified John's lust and caused him to speed up his movement. John could feel he was nearing the end, so he bent over Kyle, grabbed his shoulders and pounded himself into Kyle harder than ever. Within seconds, John exploded into Kyle's ass, his semen flowing deep into Kyle. Kyle could feel the warm liquid enter his body and this strangely gave him a calming sensation. John, exhausted, fell on top of Kyle, embraced him, his penis still wedged inside, John slid off the chair with Kyle, they landed on the floor and fell asleep in eachother's arms.

Several hours later, John awoke with a start. It was dark, so he assumed he was back in the room he had started in, but as his eyes adjusted to the room, he noticed his alarm clock to his left and the sun peeking through his window to the right. He rubbed his forehead, trying to figure out how exactly he got home. He got up, went downstairs and outside to grab the newspaper, and Kyle was outside at the school bus stop, waiting to be picked up. John waved at Kyle, and Kyle smiled and waved back, like he always did.