-Part 1-

Sarah's eyes lit up as she heard the car pull into the driveway. She darted out of her bedroom and flung open the front door. She had been waiting for this day all year.

Out of the passenger side door came a young boy no older than ten. Sarah ran to him and jumped, he just had enough time to notice as he turned and caught her in his arms.

"You're late!" she cried, eyes watering with excitement. Father kneeled down and gave Sarah a kiss on the cheek, noting that the traffic was horrible on the highway. Sarah helped carry the bags inside and laid them down in the living room.

"Now, we don't have much room here, so you'll have to share with your cousin." Mom said to Sam. Sam simply nodded, shooting a quick grin to Sarah who smiled broadly. "We can play house!" she jumped up and down with what looked to be the excitement one only sees in girls her age. "Yes, yes, but for now, it's time for lunch."

Sam and Sarah sat across from eachother while the parents did the same. "So, how was your trip, honey?" -- "I was telling Sarah here, the traffic was horrible!"

"Yeah, there was a car crash too!" chirped Sam. Mom grimaced and replied "I hope nobody was hurt, that would be terrible! Remember kids, always look both ways when crossing the roads." Sam and Sarah both nodded before digging into their meals.

--------

Sarah had just started second grade, but she was a very smart cookie. She got her curiousness from her mother, her father always said.

One night, Sarah noticed the door to her parent's room wasn't shut properly after having to use the bathroom and she peeked inside. She saw Daddy on top of Mommy, and it looked like Mommy was very happy, but Daddy was very mad. She thought Daddy was hurting Mommy but she knew being so small that she couldn't help, so she waited and watched.

After a while, she noticed Daddy and Mommy weren't fighting. How could they be if Mommy is smiling? What made her so happy though, she thought? As she peered through the crack of the door she could faintly see, to her surprise, that Daddy had no clothes on and was rubbing his belly against Mommy's.

Being a curious girl, she started rubbing her own belly, thinking it would make her happy, but all it did was make her belly go up and down. 'Maybe it only works if a boy belly touches a girl belly?' she thought to herself, and ran back to her room, deep in thought.

---------

Sam was tired of playing house with Sarah, and it was getting late. Sam went over to his things and took off his shirt. Sarah noticed this and asked "What are you doing?" Sam replied "Getting ready for bed, silly." Sarah looked at Sam's chest and remembered what she had seen the other night. "Hey."

"Yeah?" Sam turned as his pants dropped the floor. "Have you ever tried... rubbing your belly?" Sam looked puzzled and raised his hand to his stomach before swirling it clockwise a few times. "Does it makes you feel happy?" Sarah asked, hoping to figure this out. "Um, no... Not happy. It makes me feel silly. Why?"

Sarah pulled her nightie over her head and as her head popped out of the top she continued "...before...I saw Mommy and Daddy rubbing bellies. Mommy was happy but Dad looked mad. I don't get it." Sam climbed on the bed and Sarah jumped, landing with a light plop next to Sam. "I don't know. You said your Dad looked mad, maybe it only works on girls. Did you try it?" 

Sarah started rubbing her belly really fast, but didn't feel happy. She really did want to be happy. Sam tried again and both of the kids realized how silly this looked and burst out laughing. "I bet it's just a grown up thing." Sam said, climbing into the covers. "Yeah, I bet." Sarah sighed as she turned off the desk lamp.

-------

Sarah awoke in the middle of the night feeling something heavy on her chest. She opened her eyes and looked down, Sam had rolled over and his arm was around her body, almost like he was hugging her. Sam felt very warm. She laid like this for a while before it got uncomfortable and pushed Sam's arm away. Sam murmured in his sleep and rolled over again, and it was now that Sarah realized that Sam had kicked the cover off the bed.

Sarah sighed and got up, grabbed the cover and went to put it back on the bed, but she noticed how peaceful Sam looked laying there on his back. With thoughts of earlier coming back to her, her curiousness got the best of her and she dropped the cover to the ground and climbed on the bed. She scampered over, put herself between Sam's legs, propped herself up with one arm on each side of Sam's chest and lowered herself onto his stomach.

She looked up at Sam to see if he had woken, but he seemed fast asleep. Sarah tried to remember how Daddy was rubbing his stomach on Mommy, and started slowly moving up and down, her smooth chest gliding across Sam's belly. She kept looking up at Sam's eyes to see if he had woken, but nothing. He even seemed to be snoring a little.

Sarah didn't feel happy at all. She did feel warm though, Sam's body seemed to let off a lot of heat. Sarah got impatient and started moving faster, up and down along Sam's lower side. She straightened her legs so that she would have a better angle at it, but tried to be careful not to wake Sam. If Sam woke up, he might get mad like Daddy was when he was rubbing Mommy's belly.

Sarah felt something below her stomach. Something that wasn't there before. She raised herself up and looked down, trying to see what was there, but couldn't see anything strange. She lowered herself down and felt it again. She realized that the change was not on Sam's stomach but below, in his undies. She then remembered that Daddy had no clothes on when he was rubbing Mommy's belly. 

Sarah got up, excited about her new thought and pulled off her panties. She then sat above Sam, watching his face for a moment to make sure he was asleep as she pulled his undies down and off of his legs. As she did so, she caught a glimpse of something that seemed to pop up out of the corner of her eye. It was dark, but she remembered seeing this once before at school. One of the boys had dropped his pants and was tinkling on the floor, teacher got very mad. However, the boy in class's thing wasn't this big! Also, it wasn't standing up.

This made Sarah think a lot, and she came to the conclusion that it must be this "thing" that rubbed against mommy's belly that made her so happy. So, Sarah climbed up over Sam again and lowered herself slowly down, pressing Sam's thing against her stomach. It ran along her stomach as she lowered herself and it tickled a little, which made Sarah smile and she even let out a small giggle.

"Ughehh"

Sarah froze. Her eyes shot to Sam's face, expecting him to be awake now. He must be, she thought. She had done too much. However, Sam continued to lay there with his eyes closed, arms at his side.

This excitement made Sarah very intrigued. Sam seemed to be VERY asleep, and this meant that Sarah maybe could find out if this rubbing made her feel happy. She already knew that it tickled a little. So she quickly lay flat on Sam's stomach and started rubbing herself on Sam once again, this time a little lower with her new found knowledge of this "thing" that seems to get happy when it is rubbed. She still wondered why her belly made this thing so happy, but she couldn't wait until it made her happy too.

She started rubbing faster and faster, but she still didn't feel very happy. She just felt tired. However, she was determined to find out what made Mommy so happy about this rubbing so she continued. She tried her best, her very bestest rubbing on this thing, and she noticed something new. Two things, actually. First, this thing seemed to continue to get bigger and bigger the more she rubbed it. Amazing!, she thought. Also, it felt a little damp at the very top of the thing. She looked down, afraid that she had hurt Sam and he was bleeding, but she couldn't clearly see the color of the fluid.

She reached one hand down and touched the tip of the thing to investigate, and her eyes went wide because when she touched it, this "thing" seemed to jump! It pressed hard against her belly and it felt kind of wierd, but not bad really.

She stuck her newly wet finger in her mouth to test the fluid, and it surely wasn't blood. It did taste kinda sweet, kinda like nothing, but she smiled. Mmm! It tastes like sugar!

"Sarah?" Sam murmered, his eyes barely open. Sarah shot up instantly, as did the thing her belly was previously holding down. Sam looked down, noticed a faint glimmer of wetness on both his stomach and hers and pulled himself out from under her. "What are you doing?"

Sarah stammered "I.. I umm.. I, err.." "It tastes good! Try it!" she said, the only thing she could think of given the circumstances. "What tastes good?" Sam replied, trying to get ahold of his surroundings.

"Your thing...that..." she pointed at his proudly standing member "It got wet, I don't know why, it came out and I tried it. It tastes like sugar!" She smiled at Sam, awaiting his approval. 

"You want to try some more?" Sam said, taking advantage of an interesting situation. "Yeah! I like it!"

"Okay, well come here." Sam directed Sarah over to him, he laid back on the headboard and held his penis up in the direction of Sarah's mouth. "All you have to do is suck on it and you will get more out. "

'That's not how Mommy did it...', Sarah thought, but she knew Sam was a very smart boy too, so he must know a lot about these things. She agreed and lowered herself down over Sam's thing. Sam helped guide Sarah to his penis as she opened her mouth wide and Sam lowered her head over his cock. She started slowly sucking, hopeful more of the delicious sugary water would come out, and sure enough, it did. She sucked harder and harder, and Sam coerced her to start moving her head while she sucked. Sarah noticed that Sam really knew what he was doing because more of the sugar water came out and his thingy got bigger in her mouth as he did this faster and faster. She looked up at Sam and saw that he was very happy, which confused her a little, as Daddy seemed so mad, but she continued her work, happy to see Sam smiling. He didn't smile very often. She continued her efforts, trying her best to suck the delicious fluid out but it seemed to get harder and harder to do.

The thingy started twitching and Sam got more and more rough with his movements, he pushed his penis farther and farther into her mouth as she sucked. "Just a little more..." he said, panting.... Sarah thought 'Ooh, there must be a lot of sugar in there now and it's about to come out!' She smiled at the thought and closed her eyes in anticipation, increasing her speed to match her cousin's movements as Sam continued to push harder and harder, faster and faster into Sarah's young, moist, soft mouth. 

Sarah felt his thingy pressing against the back of her throat and she adjusted herself so that it would be more comfortable. She noticed that it started pressing against her throat passage and this gave more room for Sam to press in and press in he did. Sam could feel Sarah's tight throat around the head of his penis and that did it for him. A couple more thrusts and he ejaculated into her throat, down her esophagus and into her stomach.

Sam pulled himself out, smiled down at Sarah who had an interesting look on her face. She was happy, it seemed, but also a little confused. "What's.... wrong?" Sam asked, panting... "Your stuff, I didn't taste it. It all went down too fast." "I wanted to taste the sugar." She pouted and crossed her arms. Sam grabbed Sarah around the waist and pulled her up next to him. 

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be able to taste it next time."

Sarah smiled up at Sam, proud of her work and she dozed off in his arms.

-Part 1.5-

Sam sighed as he stared out of the window, this car ride seemed so long... He asked his uncle, "Are we there yet?" but he got no reply, fittingly, seeing as it had been the hundredth time he had asked.

Sam was a pretty patient kid, or so he thought, not many things made him anxious. However, it had been quite a while since he had seen his aunt, and his cute little cousin Sarah. A vague memory of her running in the yard, playing in the sprinkler passed through his mind. 

SCREEEEECH!

Sam flew forward and his head hit the back of his uncle's chair as the car came to a screeching halt. Outside the car, Sam heard a loud popping noise followed by what sounded like a small bomb had gone off followed by a car horn blaring. His uncle yelled out "Oh my god!" but Sam could barely hear it over the car horn, which didn't stop for some reason. 

"What happened?" Sam said, sitting up and trying to get a grasp on things, his head was a little sore from hitting the cushion wrapped around the back of the chair. "Don't look, Sam. Don't look outside." But Sam couldn't help it, as his uncle drove past the wreck, he saw a pretty bad accident, but he didn't see anybody getting out of the cars. 

A little bit down the road, Sam's uncle pulled to the side of the road, got out and called someone on his phone. Sam figured he must be calling the police, and was curious what he was saying. Soon, he came back and started driving again, but didn't say a word. Even when Sam asked who he called, what he said, and why nobody had gotten out of the cars, there was no reply. This made Sam sad, so he tried to focus on something nice, but the only thing he could think of was his cute cousin playing in the yard. He tried his best to focus on that and only that for the rest of the ride.

As they pulled into the driveway, Sam's uncle turned to Sam and told him strictly "Don't talk about what happened with Sarah, okay? She is too young to understand." Sam nodded. He could tell that he was being serious and something bad might happen if he broke this promise. 

Sam pushed open the door and got out, but not three second after he stood up was he surprised with a blow to his chest in the form of the young seven year cousin that he had thought would be a little bit smaller. He caught her in his arms, allowed the embrace to last a little bit before pushing her off and straightening his clothes. He wanted to be presentable for his Aunt, for he was going to be staying here for a couple of weeks.

"You're late!" Sarah cried, Sam saw her eyes were tearing up and smiled at how cute this looked. He was lost in the moment for a second, but quickly came back to reality when he saw his uncle pulling the bags out of the trunk. He ran back, grabbed what he could, and hauled them into the house. 

Sam found out that he would be sharing a room with Sarah during his stay here, but he didn't mind, because more time with his adorable little cousin was actually exactly what he was looking forward to. Sam smelled something delicious coming from the kitchen, and quickly learned that it was time for lunch. He hadn't eaten anything since he left home, so he was very hungry indeed.

-------

Later that night, while Sam and Sarah were playing house in the bedroom, Sam noticed just how much Sarah had grown since the last time he saw her. She had easily grown a good 4-5 inches and she is starting to look really cute. Noticing this, he really started to look at Sarah in a new way, he realized her eyes were a beautiful shade of green, her hair flowed down to her shoulders and was neatly combed straight, her pink nightie was just a little bit too big for her, so it showed just enough of her... 'Wait. What am I thinking? She's my cousin! I can't think of her like that! I gotta go do something else, and quick!' 

Sam stood up, feeling his heart racing, and walked over to his luggage which had not been unpacked yet, and started changing into his night-time clothes. "What are you doing?" Sarah said from across the room. This startled Sam a little bit, so he turned around as he pulled his shirt off, and tried his best to calmly say "Getting ready for bed, silly!" Sam thought to himself 'Yeah, that was good. She doesn't suspect a thing.' With this, Sam unbuttoned his shorts and let them drop to the floor.

"Hey." 

Sam's eyes shot back to Sarah, afraid she was going to ask why he was staring at her earlier or something, but Sarah said something really strange. 

"Have you ever tried... rubbing your belly?"

Sam was confused at why she would ask something so ridiculous, so he went ahead and tried it immediately. "Does it make you feel happy?" Sarah asked, a questioning look on her face. "No, it just makes me feel silly. Why?" At this, Sarah had gotten up and had walked to her closet, she pulled off her nightie and turned back to Sam. Sam had seen Sarah's bare chest before, but because of recent events, he really started to notice the two small rosy buds that he never really noticed before. "...before...I saw Mommy and Daddy rubbing bellies. Mommy was happy but Dad looked mad. I don't get it." Sam climbed on the bed and Sarah jumped, landing with a light plop next to Sam. "I don't know. You said your Dad looked mad, maybe it only works on girls. Did you try it?" To Sam's surprise, she tried it immediately as well. It was obvious that Sarah really wanted to figure this out, so Sam tried again. Both of the kids realized how silly this looked and burst out laughing. "I bet it's just a grown up thing." Sam said, climbing under the covers. "Yeah, I bet." Sarah sighed as she turned off the desk lamp.

-------

Sam awoke slowly, a weird feeling coming from his private area. He had felt this before, but only when he was masturbating in his room at home. He tried to open his eyes, but his eyes were still heavy. He had only slept a couple of hours, after all. He could make out a vague shadow of someone hunched over him, and it looked like the person was sucking on something. A closer inspection proved it to be Sarah, and she had her index finger in her mouth. She was smiling. Looking down, he noticed there was a glistening liquid on his stomach, as well as hers. 

"Sarah?" sam muttered, trying to figure out if this was a dream or reality. Sarah was obviously spooked by this, and she immediately sat up straight, letting loose Sam's penis, which sprang up with her. "What are you doing?"

-------

Sam thought to himself, this is the perfect opportunity to get his first blowjob! He sat up and propped his back against the headboard, spread his legs out and motioned for Sarah to get closer. "All you have to do is suck on it and you will get more out." Sarah obliged, and Sam guided her onto his erect, but slowly beginning to get soft, member. She gladly slipped her lips around the tip of Sam's penis and started sucking, which immediately sent a wonderful sensation to Sam's brain. Sam already knew that this would be a fun trip to his relative's, but even more-so now that he had an adorably cute, willing participant for his late-night 'releases'. Sarah started off rather slow, giving a short suck every now and then, but she quickly increased the pressure. Sam placed his hands on the back of her head, knowing how good it felt to move his hand up and down his shaft, and he slowly pushed her head down his newly saliva-covered penis. Sam got another jolt of pleasure, and he could feel his penis fill up Sarah's mouth a little bit more with every pump. Sam's head rolled back in pleasure and he stared up at the ceiling, thinking to himself 'This is amazing!' Sam smiled and continued, but noticed that he didn't need to push Sarah to move her head anymore. She had started moving it herself. 

Sam started feeling really, really good. Better than any time he had done this by himself. He could feel his penis twitch inside Sarah, pushing against the roof of her mouth. He started matching Sarah's movements by pushing his hips towards her. "Just a little more..." he said, panting.... Sarah obviously got the message, because she started going faster and faster, and Sam could feel his penis was about to burst inside Sarah's young, moist, soft mouth. 

Just when Sam thought it couldn't get any better, Sarah pulled herself closer, repositioned herself and opened up something Sam hadn't thought about thus far. Sam pressed in, realizing the new uncharted grounds that were Sarah's throat, and he felt a wonderful mixture of tight and soft around the head of his penis. Sam knew he was just about done for, so he thrust into her just a few more times until load after load spurt out, down her throat and into her stomach. Sam pulled himself out, smiled down at Sarah who had an interesting look on her face. She was happy, it seemed, but also a little confused. "What's.... wrong?" Sam asked, panting... "Your stuff, I didn't taste it. It all went down too fast." "I wanted to taste the sugar." She pouted and crossed her arms. Sam grabbed Sarah around the waist and pulled her up next to him. 

"Don't worry, I'm sure you'll be able to taste it next time."

Sam stared into Sarah's beautiful green eyes and watched her doze off to sleep, tired after all of the work she had just done.

- Part 2 -

Sarah awoke to a light knock on her bedroom door followed by "Breakfast's ready, sweetie." Sarah was nestled into the warm embrace of her older cousin's arms. Sam was still asleep however, so Sarah pushed Sam's arm off of her and crawled out of bed. She looked down and quickly remembered that she was wearing no panties. She rubbed her eyes and looked around, not sure of where she had taken them off.

At the edge of the bed, right next to the comforter that was laying on the ground she found them, and sleepily stepped into them before walking back to Sam and shaking his arm. "Wake up, wake up, wake up!" Sam rolled over and mumbled, but Sarah was a persistent girl. She wouldn't let him go this easily. She climbed up onto the bed and placed her hands on his chest, applied some pressure and attempted to push him off of the bed. Sam gave an irritated groan and said "Alright, alright, give me a minute." Sarah peeked down Sam's naked body and got a good look at his thingy. She had never seen it this close before. She rolled her tongue around in her mouth a bit and tried to remember what the stuff tasted like last night, and her mouth scrunched up when she remembered how Sam had let the stuff out too far in her mouth.

Upon closer inspection, Sarah saw a bit of dried stuff on the tip of it and she really did enjoy the taste last time so she bent down and stuck her tongue out, hoping it would still taste the same. Sam's eyes popped open and the thoughts flooded back into his mind from last night. "It wasn't a dream?" Sam blurted out, staring straight at Sarah's beautiful green eyes and Sarah replied "No, silly. But, It doesn't taste the same." Sarah looked a bit sad at this, and Sam tried to think of a good way to tell her. "It tastes the best when it's new. You know, it tastes like that because of the cookies you gave me yesterday." 

"Really?" Sarah asked, intrigued at this new information. "Yeah, it tastes different if I eat different things." Sarah leaned in, wonderment in her eyes, before tilting her head to the right. "So if you eat a lot of green beans. It tastes like green beans? Yuck!" Sam chuckled at this and shook his head "Not exactly, but if I eat a lot of sweets then it usually tastes good." 

Sarah noted this in the back of her mind for later. She had a stash of sweets in the closet that she his from Mommy because Mommy doesn't like her eating too many sweets. "Oh yeah, breakfast is ready." She said, remembering why she woke up. Sarah slid off the bed and got dressed, while Sam did the same. "Hey Sarah?" Sam called, Sarah's head popped out from behind the closet door, a questioning look on her face. "Don't talk to your Mom about what we did, okay?" Sarah wrinkled her brow, slightly confused, but she quickly recovered. "Yeah, Mommy doesn't like me eating too much sweets so if she knew I was did that, she might get mad at me." Sam was surprised to get such a reply from his sweet little cousin, but he rolled with it. "Let's make it a secret, how about that? If you promise not to tell, maybe we can do it again later." Sarah's face lit up and a large grin crossed her face, she nodded enthusiastically and quickly finished getting dressed, anticipating the next time she could try her new game.

---------------

Sam was still a child, however he was very mature for his age. He was very protective of Sarah, he would never let any of the boys pick on her at the playground. He cared for her a lot. He didn't have a sister of his own, so Sarah's Mom and Dad figured it was good for him to have a playmate so close to his age. They also saw Sam as a good role model for Sarah, as he was very well behaved in school and at home, he always did his chores and never really made a fuss about anything.

While watching TV in the living room, Sarah's Dad came in and muted the TV. "Hey Sam, Sarah's mom and I were thinking about going out to get some groceries and dinner. We have decided that you are now old enough to take care of Sarah on your own, so if it's okay with you, can we leave her with you for a while? We'll be back before eight." Sam turned to check with Sarah to see if she was okay with the idea, but all he saw was a blur of Sarah's yellow dress as she ran down the hallway. "Um, sure. Yes. I will be fine." Sarah quickly returned, obviously hiding something in the hem of her dress. Her father peeked over, curious of what it was, but she waited until he left the room to let the candies fall to the floor. "Eat these." She said, a hurried tone in her voice. Sam was confused, but wouldn't turn down free candy any day. They unmuted the TV and sat there, quietly eating the pieces of candy. Sarah's Mom called from the front door "Our number is on the fridge if you need anything. Be back soon!" The door slammed and Sarah smiled, enjoying the show and biding her time.

About halfway into another episode of TV, Sarah climbed into Sam's lap and Sam re-positioned himself to more comfortably hold her. They sat there quietly, Sarah swinging her legs, lightly knocking on the sofa while she rocked forward and back. Sam didn't know yet, but Sarah had much more in mind than just the flying bears on TV. Sarah continued rocking, her bottom rubbing against Sam's groin, and Sam could feel himself getting larger. He wasn't sure if Sarah knew what she was doing, because she tended to squirm around a lot. He also wondered of Sarah could feel his bulge pressing against her, but didn't say anything. Quickly it became apparent that Sarah wasn't only aware of what she was doing, but she was literally grinding into Sam's penis. Sam at this point had become fully erect and his penis was pressing through his shorts into Sarah's crotch. 

-----------

Sarah, being the smart and curious girl that she was, had thought about how Sam was so happy last night even though she was the one who got to drink the sugar water. She knew that she didn't have a thingy like he did but she was curious if maybe it would feel good to rub his thingy on her place. She was excited to find out that it gave her a light tingly feeling, she could feel it not only in her place, but also in her stomach. It felt like butterflies, but it also felt good. Sarah continued her efforts, grinding harder and harder against Sam's thing, and she started to feel Sam's breath on her neck. She remembered how he was panting last night right before he let out all of the sugar water and promptly stopped, afraid to waste it all.

Sam was caught off guard by the sudden cease of movement and grabbed Sarah by the waist and placed her next to him. His penis sprung up, tenting his shorts like someone had propped a stick between his legs and Sarah watched as he pulled them off, freeing his erect penis. Sarah knew what she had to do, recalling last night, and leaned over and placed her mouth on him. She was pleasantly greeted with a light layer of fluid covering the head of his penis, and she swirled her tongue around the tip, trying to drink as much of it as she could. She was about to lower herself down, when Sam stopped her. "I have an idea."

Sarah knew that Sam was older and smarter than she was, so he must know what he is doing. "Stand up." Sam ordered, and Sarah quickly got off the sofa. Sam spread out along the sofa and propped his head up against a pillow. "Now, climb on top of me, but put your head at my penis---" Sam quickly stopped, he had never said that word to Sarah before but Sarah quickly understood what it meant. She followed his order, and, struggling a bit placed one leg on the other side of Sam's chest and steadied herself above him before lowering herself, trying to align her mouth with the large thing pointing straight at her. She wasn't sure why this would be better, but she gladly opened her mouth wide and started sucking Sam.

Sam hadn't noticed before, but was surprised to find out that Sarah had removed her panties. Sarah knew that she had to be naked to make Sam happy, so she removed them when she ran to grab the sweets. 'This makes things easier', he thought to himself. Sarah bobbed her head up and down a few times, trying to do a better job than last time, but she felt something on her private place. It was wet. She quickly pulled the thing out of her mouth and tried to turn to Sam, wondering what it was. She couldn't see clearly, but Sam was moving his head around and Sarah quickly figured it out. He was licking her. 

'Of course!' She thought to herself, 'I make the sugar water too, so Sam wanted some!' Sarah kicked herself mentally for not realizing this earlier, and she revered at Sam's brilliant idea. Sarah turned back to Sam's thing and tried it herself, licking around the top and down the shaft. It was covered in her saliva from just before and it tasted and smelled very good. She even ventured a little lower, attempting to reach what looked like a pair of balls at the bottom of his... 'penis'. She mentally smiled at the fact that she remembered the name. She could barely reach her tongue around the shaft, but she could tell it tasted a little salty. She liked sweets more.

Sarah returned to the top and slid her lips over the head. She gently sucked for a while, and she started to notice just how good it felt to have Sam licking her place. Her mind wandered and she closed her eyes, but continued sucking. Suddenly she felt a twinge, and she could tell Sam had sucked on something very sensitive. This pulled her back to her senses and she glared back at him. Sam would always protect Sarah, but he had a tendency to play with her, push her around from time to time, and sometimes he would pull her hair. She took this to mean that this was a competition. She must be like Sam, building up a lot of sugar and Sam wanted to get it first. Sarah wouldn't let this happen, so she gently bit down on Sam's head to return the signal, confirming the race, before setting off on her mission.

She started sliding her mouth down and up over his shaft, constantly sucking, and constantly getting a little bit of the delicious taste here and there, but she was looking forward to the big end this time, so she didn't stop to relish just yet. She continued pushing further and further, knowing that once she could fit his whole thing in and get it into her throat that would be the end of it.

Sam knew that Sarah was a competitive person and he understood Sarah very well. He could tell that she saw this as a fight and pushed his efforts to win himself. He pressed his tongue against her slit, took more of her into his mouth and licked faster and harder. He knew how to make her come, but he wanted to make it a good fight. After a short while he slid his tongue into her hole. It was tight so only a little bit fit in, but he could feel the warmth nonetheless. He pressed in and lapped out the delicious fluids, thus pressing him further to finish the deed. 

Sarah whimpered, it didn't quite hurt but it was a little painful, her hole being stretched out by Sam's tongue but it also felt very good. She could feel a feeling she had never felt before deep in her stomach and she instinctively knew she was close. Sam's penis had almost been completely engulfed by Sarah's mouth and she knew it was just a little bit further, so she pressed on, increasing her efforts. 

Sam started bucking his hips and Sarah started lightly shaking, they were both almost there. Sam couldn't hold on any longer, so he pulled out his secret weapon. He repositioned to her clit, pressed against the top and he knew it was very sensitive at this point but there was no time. He placed his lips over it and gently sucked, being sure not to hurt Sarah, but only a few times was enough. 

Sarah had finally gotten Sam fully into her mouth, but he was very big. He even seemed bigger than last night. She beamed at the thought that she was going to win but she felt something new down below. She screamed at the sensitivity of the place he had just sucked on, but it was almost completely muffled by his thing which was practically filling up her mouth. Sarah could feel that Sam was there though so she took the last bit of energy she had to suck as hard as she could, pressing Sam into her as far as she could. She could feel it coming so she pulled herself back this time, remembering last time she missed the taste, and her tongue ran along his shaft as she did, but she clamped her teeth around the head, keeping him inside her. She ran her tongue along the tip and this did it for him.

They both came at practically the same time, however Sarah knew that Sam had come just briefly before her. The cum flooded into her mouth and she could instantly taste it. It wasn't quite like she expected, but it was still a good taste. It almost tasted like sweet milk. Sam got something similar, a stream of fluid flowed into his mouth that he gladly swallowed, having tried this once before. He laid back, taking in what he had just done, and had the vision of his dripping wet cousin's pussy positioned right in front of him. 'I could get used to this.' he thought to himself. Sarah popped Sam's penis out of her mouth, it had started to get soft so it kind of rolled away, and she swished the milky fluid around in her mouth, trying to figure out what exactly it tasted like, before soon swallowing it as well. She was tired after her hard efforts, and she quietly said "I win." under her breath before rolling off of Sam, onto the floor.

The fall wasn't very far, and she just giggled when Sam looked down to see if she was okay. Her eyes were glazed over, half closed. She must have been tired. She did do a lot of work. Sam smiled down at her, picked her up and gave her a kiss on the forehead before carrying her into her bedroom and laying her down to sleep. He tucked her in the best he could, trying to remember how his Mom would always do it for him, and then climbed under the covers next to her, cradled her in his arms and they both drifted off to sleep.