Looking out my window, an angel enrobed appeared and nearly pulled me apart. She was my next door neighbor. This cute little girl, dressed in her pink bathrobe, staring out of her window at the stars above. There were a million miles of freedom. A million miles of road but I still don¡¯t know where to start. I noticed her playing outside the next day in the shorts that were just too short for her. Obviously her parents felt it would be fine to let her grow out of these instead of buying new ones just yet. 

I walked over to her and she smiled, waving to me. I introduced myself and explained that I would love for her to come over some time to play some games. She wrote her number down and she gave it to me.

They had to scrape me off the floor. I would have never thought that this girl would give me her number! Also, it struck me as odd that she had her own cell phone, she being so young. Ah well, you know, in this transient town, waiters and dealers trying to get their foot in the door, you gotta take what you can get when it thrusts it's little hands towards you.

That night I called her and she said, ¡°Daddy, daddy, daddy, all my life, I¡¯ve been trying to find my place in the world.¡± Man, was that hot. I could tell that she had problems with her father figure and she was reaching out to me, so I said to her, ¡°Baby baby, babe, I¡¯ve got all night to listen to the heart of a girl.¡± She said, "Can I come over now?" And my heart almost stopped. I said yes, but in my mind I said "hell yes".

I can see the time dripping down the clock. The seconds pass, then the minutes, and just before I give up all home, I hear a light knock on my front door. I open the door and there she is, standing in a little white t-shirt that had the word "Killer" in yellow and black LED. I thought to myself, 'That's a bit of an odd thing for this little girl to be wearing...', but I passed it off as those times when we¡¯ve been trying to hear that ancient refrain it¡¯s the one that knows us when our heads are down and reminds us of the place from where we came.

Because truely, that is from Where we came.

I welcomed her in with open arms and pointed her to the couch in the living room, before closing and locking the door, noting that she wasn't tall enough to reach the highest lock. When I got to the living room, she was sitting there with the remote in hand, skimming through the channels. "You've got a pretty big TV, Daddy." she says, and I can feel my penis twinge at the way she says that word. It plays back the conversation we had on the phone... 

Daddy daddy daddy, All my life, I¡¯ve been trying to find my place in this world.
Baby, baby, babe, I¡¯ve got all night to listen to the heart of a girl.


When I came back into myself, I realized that I had this girl, just yearning for her Daddy to care for her, sitting in my house, my own living room. She was my baby girl now, I thought to myself, and so I sat down next to her and she laid her head against my arm. I pulled my arm out and put it around her, she turned her head up to me and smiled, then she turned and rubbed her face into my chest. Then she did something that totally took me by surprise. She reached down, her tiny hand slipping past my belt and into my pants, landing on the head of my throbbing cock. I looked back down at her and her cute, innocent little smile had turned into one of a girl who had just found what she was looking for.

I thought to myself, What happened here? What is this world? What are kids learning in school these days? It¡¯s too far from the heart of a girl. An innocent little girl at least. 

Deep in my heart, in any gain, on any mountain, I can see this working out. Oh, I¡¯m not afraid.

Weeks later, we were Standing on stone, you stand beside me and all of our plans that were made. They will never find us, they will never know our goal. We are Battle Born.