"She's so cute," I think to myself, leaning back on my bed. "when she's going down on me." The view from this angle, I have a clear view of the top of her head, her hair illuminated by the moon outside my window. Her head bobs up and down, it feels so nice. She's so much better than the last girl I was with. I close my eyes and start to drift off...

*Crash*

"What was that?", I wake with a start, my eyes wide open now. I swear I just heard something... I get up and go to the window, and sure enough, there's a red truck outside, it has crashed into my garbage bin. Great... Wait, don't I know that truck? ...No... no... it can't be...

The door flings open and out comes, oh my god, it's Jean? What's she doing here? I turn around and grab my pants off the floor, but before I can get them buttoned, I hear the front door below me slam shut. She still has my key? As I button together my fly, I hear footsteps pounding up the staircase, and hear a "GUESS WHO!!!!" as my bedroom door flings open and she comes charging in. 

"Hello, sweetie. What are you-" before I can finish, she throws a punch to my face and I black out.

I wake up sometime later, back in my bed, my first thoughts are that it was just another dream, but then the pain in my head comes rushing to my realization, then I see her sitting on my dresser, finishing off a her drink. "'Morning, daddy. Have a nice nap?" she blurts out before throwing the cup across the room. It crashes against the wall and she jumps up on the bed. That's when I realize she has tied my hands and feet to my bedrails. I struggle a bit, but it's no use. She lands on my lap, her legs bent so she's on her knees, straddling my thighs. I come to another realization at that point, my pants are gone. "Miss me?" She sneers, a menacing smile on her face. All I can do is stare in amazement, and she starts to rub her hands over my chest. She leans down close to my ear and whispers "I bet you have." She bites down on my earlobe and pulls it away with her as she sits back up. I feel the stinging sensation, and it brings back memories of the last time I saw her, 6 years ago.

"Jean... Jean. Jean? What are you doing?" She starts jirating her hips against mine, and I can feel the blood rushing to my dick. She looks up at me, "Just repaying the favor, daddy," she leans down and gives me a peck on the cheek before sitting back up and continuing. After a few minutes, she scoots back and examines what she has produced. "Oh, daddy, you've gotten so big! I guess your feelings toward me havn't changed... one... bit!" As she says this, she pulls my underwear down and my dick pops out, standing at full attention. "Sweetie, seriously, stop this. Do you have any idea what you're doing?" She completely ignores me, and just scoots farther way, pulling my boxers with her as she gets off the bed. She leans down and grabs something, walks over to me and leans down again. "You know what? You don't need to be talking right now." At this, she shoves one of my socks in my mouth and I start to gag a little. The horrible taste fills my mouth, and I try my best not to swollow, but I am forced to. I try to spit it out, but to no avail, she seems to know what she's doing. So much different than the last time I saw her. She sure has grown into a beautiful young girl though. 

She climbs back up on the bed and grabs hold of my dick, slowly stroking it. She stares into my eyes with a emotionless look on her face, pumping away. I can feel her nails digging into my skin as she picks up the pace. "So how does it feel? Being molested by your own daughter?" I just shake my head and look away, I close my eyes and try to make myself understand why she's here in the first place. Yeah, the last time I saw her, I had a bit of fun with her, but why would she come back now? It's been 6 years!

I can feel the pressure building, and it seems she can tell as well, because she slows down her pace. "Now, we can't be having that...." She reaches up and pulls one of the ribbons out of her hair, wraps it around the base my penis and pulls it tight before tieing it in a knot. Then, she shifts her position and lowers her head to my waist, taking the length of my erection into her mouth. It feels a little rough at first, but quickly her saliva covers my member enough so that her motions are more fluid. This action reminds me of the dream I was having earlier that night, and I close my eyes, imagining that it is not my daughter sucking me off, but rather the girl in my dream. I can't make out who she is though, I just remember how good of a blowjob she gave. Surprisingly, Jean was doing almost as good of a job. She seemed to be really into it, as I could feel her tongue making its way around the width of my cock. She had definitely gotten some decent experience in doing this since the last time I saw her. 

She had a certain technique, she would momentarily stop at times and roll her tongue in a way that felt amazing on the head of my penis, then she would do a hard suction, making a popping noise as she pulled me out of her mouth, before continuing on. At this point, I felt like I was about to explode, but I couldn't, as I was being held back by her pink lace ribbon. It started to make me go crazy as she picked up the pace, bobbing and sucking faster and faster, until finally she pulled the ribbon away, pushed her head down on me, and I erupted down into her throat with as much intensity as you would expect after being sucked off for what seemed like an eternity.

She continued to suck, trying to get every last drop out of me, before slowly pulling herself up, wiping her mouth off on her sleeve, and giving me a smile that I can only describe as satisfaction. At that, she stood up, straightened her clothes, tied her hair back up with her ribbon, and headed for the door. She stopped halfway through the doorway, turned back, and smiled, with a "See you soon." before heading down the stairs. I dropped my head down onto my pillow, completely confused at what just happened, and drifted off to sleep.

