Introduction

Sarah sulked off the bus, arriving home from school. She had a sad look on her face as she stared at a piece of paper clutched in her hands. It was the test she had been studying for all week. The biggest test of the whole year, and she had gotten a B- it! A B MINUS! Her dad was going to freak, she thought as she walked slowly to the front door, trying to extend the last few minutes she would spend before her dad killed her for getting such a bad grade on such an important test.

Sarah's dad was very strict, he pushed Sarah so hard, told her that no matter what, she needs to get at least an A on every assignment. Not only that, but it extended to other things. Her room needed to be perfect, at all times. Not a single toy left laying on the ground when she left, and her bed must be made properly. When in public, she was required to wear only the clothing approved by her dad, a uniform of sorts. Every day it was the same thing, just varying in color a bit. She wore a pleated skirt, always dark in color, always matched with some form of coat, light in the spring, heavy in the fall. Underneath the coat would normally be a white, or off-white blouse, depending on which one Father decided looked better that day. In any case, she often got made fun of at school for wearing such things, because there is no dress code at the local public schools, and kids wonder why she would wear such clothing.

As Sarah approached the door, she turned the handle slowly, and before she could push it open, it was pulled out of her hands, as she heard "Welcome Home, Sweetheart!", her dad looking down at her, smiling. "Whatcha got there?" He puts his hand on Sarah's back, and ushers her inside. As Sarah takes a few steps in, Father turns and shuts the door, locking the deadbolt. Sarah turns to her dad, her eyes tearing up, as she tries to hide the test behind her back. 

"Now, show daddy what you've got.", Father says sternly, approaching Sarah. 

"U-...Umm...I don't....", she stuttered, trying to get the right words out.

"You don't what?", her Father cuts her off. "Show it to me."

"If I show, then Father will get mad." 

Father held out his hand, demanding to see what she had done. After waiting a bit, he reached behind her and snatched it out of her hands. Looking it over, a look of dis-certainty spread across his face. Laying the paper down on the small table next to them, he pointed to the large "B-" written in bold red marker. 

"WHAT IS THIS? This couldn't possibly be yours, Sarah, could it? I thought you told me you studied for this test."

"I did, Father, I promise. It was a very hard test, and there were questions I didn't understand, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm really sorry.", tears running down her face, she reaches up to wipe them off, but her hand gets smacked out of the way before she gets that far.

"You'll mess up your nice coat, Sarah. Now stop crying. This is your fault," he points to the test again, "and you're going to have to be taught a lesson for not studying hard enough." He grabs the test with one hand, and grabs Sarah's arm with the other, pulling her toward the stairs.

"But father! I did study. I promise I did. I studied every night, for hours! I did as you said, I did. Please don't punish me."

"You obviously didn't study hard enough, or else you wouldn't have gotten such a horrible grade, Sarah. Now, into my office. I'll be back shortly. And DON'T TOUCH ANYTHING!" Father said, as he walked off.

Sarah opened the door to the study, and walked in. She wasn't allowed in Father's office, except for when Father was teaching her. As she looked around, everything was as she remembered. The walls were covered in textbooks, literature, dictionaries, thesauruses, just about any kind of book you could think of, it was there. There was a large crimson red area rug laid out infront of her, leading up to her Father's desk. The desk was made of deeply polished Mahogany, and Sarah knew that this was where her father would be teaching her this time. Just like last time.

Sarah's Father wasn't always like this. He used to be loving and caring, like anyone would expect a Father to be. All of that changed, though, when her Mom died. A couple of years ago, there was a horrible accident at the railroad crossing not too far away. Sarah's Mom, Susan was driving home from work, she was only one mile from home, and the traffic was heavier than usual, because of the local state fair. Usually, being stopped at the traffic light at that intersection wouldn't have had that many cars piled up, but as Susan came up on it, she noticed that she had come to a stop on the railroad tracks themselves. Not a second later, the railroad warning lights lit up. The crossing bars came down, and Susan tried to get out of the way, but to no avail, because behind her was a rather large van, and even though they could see what was going on, they couldn't get out of the way either. Going forward wouldn't work either, because everyone was in such a hurry, they were already crammed together as much as they could be. She was boxed in. Hearing the blaring horn from the oncoming train, she pulled the handle on the door, but the door wouldn't open. The lock was in the upright position, but for some reason, the door wouldn't open. Why wouldn't it open? All the train could do is continue to blow it's horn, and before she could try the other doors, it was too late. The train smashed through the driver's side door, pulling the old suburban with it. She died on impact.

***

Sarah's Father didn't take this well at all. Sarah knew that Father loved her Mom very much, and so she tried her best to console him, but nothing worked. As the days went by, he started to look at Sarah in a way completely different than he ever had. He began to see more and more of Susan in Sarah. More than before, he noticed her dark hazel eyes, matching Susan's. Her elegant shoulder-length brunette hair, the way her body was slim, but not too slim, and her face. It seemed to be an exact duplicate, in younger form, except for a few things. She had his nose, and ears.

As Sarah looked around the room, she noticed something peculiar on the desk. Remembering what Father had said about not touching anything, she tried to put it out of her mind, but it was such a nice shade of purple that she couldn't resist stepping closer to get a better look. Just then, the door swung open, and Sarah stopped in her tracks.

"Alright then. Let's get started."

Sarah noticed that Father had brought a long piece of rope with him, this time. He started across the room, brushing past Sarah, so close that if she hadn't stepped out of the way, he might have knocked her down. He grabbed one of the chairs from the side of the room, positioning it in front of the desk, facing outward. Turning to Sarah, he beckoned her over to him.

"Now, strip."

Sarah was hoping that it wasn't going to be this kind of lesson, but knowing what would happen if she hesitated too much, she started to pull off her coat.

"Not too fast, Sarah. You might cause a tear."

After a slight grumble, she slowed down. She knew that he didn't really care about it tearing, as he would make her fix it anyway, he just wanted to see her undress slowly. Father stepped back, watching to make sure she did undressed correctly, as she lay the coat neatly on the chair, before slowly unbuttoning her blouse, letting it slide off one arm, then the other, revealing her tiny nipples that were hidden underneath. She followed to lay the blouse on the chair as well. Next came her shoes. Sarah never understood why, but it always seemed to get a rise out of Father when she sat on the floor, slid her black shoes off, then pulled each white sock delicately over her heels, making sure not to stretch the fabric too much. Wriggling her toes to air them out before standing up, she continued to put her shoes underneath the chair, stuffing a sock in each shoe, making sure not to lose them. Father stood back and watched, making sure she did everything exactly as he had taught her. Sarah continued to unbutton her skirt, lowering it to the floor, then stepping out of it, left, then right. She lay the skirt on top of the blouse, then turned to her Father. Feeling a slight chill in the air, she shivered a little bit, crossing her arms over her belly.

"Did I tell you to stop? I said strip, young lady. That means everything." 

A confused look went over her face. Father had never told her to take off her bottoms, except of course when he was bathing her. She hesitated, turning her head away in embarrasment, before suddenly feeling a sharp smack to the side of her face.

"NOW!"

Father loomed over her, staring down with a horrifying look on his face. Sarah's eyes welled up, but she held in the tears. She backed away like a kitten who had just been punished for piddling on the carpet, then Father reached for her waist, grabbing both sides of her panties before thrusting them down to her ankles. He lifted her left leg, then right, throwing the light pink panties at the chair. Sarah tried to push him away, but he was much stronger than she was.

Next thing she knew, she was lifted up and thrown over the shoulder of her Father, as he carried her around the desk, dropping her down onto his chair.

"Don't move.", he commanded, reaching for the rope he had carried in with him. Sarah scrambled, trying to get out of the chair, but Father held her down as he grabbed her left arm, tieing it to the armrest, doing the same for the right. Sarah tried to kick, but her legs were too weak to do any damage to her Father. She knew what was coming, and she knew there was no way out of it, but she was going to try. Father grabbed her flailing legs, tied them together, then tied her bound legs to the lower section of the chair. All Sarah could do now, was scream. As much as she screamed, her Father knew no one could hear. It's the reason why he uses this room to teach his daughter in the first place. It is the most central room of the house, and the last people to have lived here had it soundproofed because of their teenage son who had a liking for a certain drum set.

"This would have been so much easier if you hadn't hesitated, Sarah. Next time, when I tell you to do something, you will do it without question, yes?"

Sarah nodded, "Yes... Sir.", her eyes red from crying.

Father opened one of the drawers of the desk, pulling out a long, black, snakelike item. Sarah knew this item all too well. It was Father's favorite teaching tool.