Chapter 1

So, I came home from my longest day of classes, extremely tired having only slept four hours the night before, get to my dorm room, and my door's wide open! I am like, what the fuck, so I peek my head in. Cautiously, I walk into the living area (I wouldn't call it a room, it's so damn small), and I hear a small shriek coming from the kitchen. "The hell was that?" I think, and turn my head just in time to see a small girl running into my bedroom. I follow her in, passing by the kitchen on the way. She was eating my ice cream! That was expensive ice cream, and now it's all over the floor! Now I'm just mad, I stomp into the bedroom and find her hiding under the bed, her small head peeking out, face covered in chocolate, with a scared look on her face. "You better be scared", I blurted out, "you were just eating my fucking ice cream!" On that note, her eyebrow raised and she said "Your ice cream? That's my ice cream! Go away! Daddy!"

"Your daddy isn't going to hear you, he's probably in class. What are you doing breaking into other people's dorms and stealing their food?" I said, my voice starting to get back to normal, she's no threat, she's just a little kid. At least it wasn't some fucker trying to rob me. "I live here, stupid," she replied, "you're the one breaking in."

"Don't try that on me, I have been living in this dorm for three years now, I think I would know my own dorm." I walk up to her and drag her out from under the bed, then sit her on top, close the bedroom door and lock it. "So, what are we going to do with you? We have to teach you a lesson, don't we? It's not nice to steal other people's food."

She glares up at me, "I'm serious. I live here. I'll call the cops if you don't leave." She tries to stand up but I push her back down. "Hey, let go of me!" she cries out, waving her arms at me trying to get away, "Hey! LET GO!" I hold her down, pushing her until she is laying flat on the bed, she's feisty, but not much of a match for me. I climb over her, then whisper into her ear, "I know exactly what I should do to make you think about what you've done."

"No! Stop! Get off me! Daddy!!" She cries out, and I start to get irritated with her whining. I reach over to the bedside table, pull open the drawer, and grab a pair of socks. Then, I notice she's wearing a belt on her jeans, I pull that off her and shove one of the socks in her mouth. Ahh, silence. I wrap the belt around her head and tighten it down, and she starts screaming muffled words into the sock. Well, it worked. Now to teach her a lesson.

With all the flailing she'd been doing, she kicked off both of her shoes, and I could see her little ankle high socks with the frill around the edges. Cute. I move my direction back up to her midsection, and her shirt has ruffled up a bit, causing her belly button to be exposed. Holding both of her arms down with my left hand across her chest, I slightly feel her small breasts under my palm. With my other hand, I unbutton her jeans and pull the zipper down. Her eyes widen as she realizes what I meant earlier by "teach her a lesson". She tries to kick at me, but I've got both of her legs penned against the bed with my own two legs. I reach down between her legs, she clenches them together, but she's too late. I reach around back and grab the top of the jeans, then pull straight toward myself. She has no hips to get in the way, so they are fairly easy to pull down, but it's still sort of difficult, being jeans and all. Now, I've got a new sight to look at. They are off-white with a pink tint, a darker pink trim around them, but not much darker than the panties themselves. There's a picture of some cartoon character on the front, one that I had never seen before, but it looked cute, I guess.

Then, I noticed my new friend has actually calmed down a bit, and she's just watching what I'm doing. I let down the pressure on her legs a little bit, and she just lays there, watching me with a blank look on her face. She shakes her legs a little bit, and the jeans fall off her legs and onto the floor. She has this look on her face, it's almost like "Well, are you going to do it or not?" and I get a little confused. I undo the belt and pull the sock out of her mouth, and she gasps for air a little bit, spits into the trash can and says "Why did you put a sock in my mouth?."

"You wouldn't shut up," I reply, still wondering what's going on.

"A strange guy walks into my apartment-"

"You mean my apartment."

"Yeah, OK, whatever. You try to do that to me, I'm going to scream. You scared me."

"Yeah? And what now? All of a sudden, you're into it?" I reply, perplexed at this point. "Well, daddy isn't here much anymore, so I was thinking it'd be fun to try with someone new." I grab the chair from the desk, sit down, and just stare at her for a bit. All kinds of thoughts run through my head, like what kind of father would be doing stuff like this to his own daughter, where her mom must be, and if she's even being honest with me. "So... are we gonna do this, or what?" she asks, standing up from the bed and walking toward me. 

"Well, after hearing that, I don't know if I should. You seem to have enough problems already." She sits down on my lap, straddling me with her bare legs wrapping around the back of the chair. She leans in and gives me a kiss on the cheek. "Problems? I love my daddy, and he loves me. He has just been busy recently, is all." She pulls me closer to her, puts her head on my chest. "He has to take care of me, go to school, work two jobs, and worry about mommy all the time."

I start to stroke her hair, and ask "What's wrong with your mom?" "She's sick. She's in the hospital. Daddy says she will be okay, but I don't believe him. Mommy has been there for a long time." She snuggles in closer and closes her eyes. It sounds like she's holding back tears. Then, something changes. She straightens up, stares right into my eyes, and says "That's why I've got to take care of my Daddy. Since Mommy's gone." There's a very serious look on her face, almost disgust. "But now, Daddy's never home, and I can't even do that for him." Her face changes to a concerned frown, then she pounds her head on my chest a couple times. "Why can't I do anything right? First, Mommy gets sick because I stress her out too much, and now Daddy doesn't even want to be around me."

She looks so sad, staring into those beautiful brown eyes. Then, an idea pops in my head. "Why don't you come live with me?" I smile broadly, awaiting her response.

"What, you mean run away? But Daddy... you know what? Yeah. Let's do it." she replies, a menacing smile crossing her face. "...but didn't you say you live here?"

'That's right...', I think. 'If she lives here, what am I doing here? Don't I live here? If I don't live here, where do I live?' I lift her up off my lap and start checking my pockets. 'How did I have a key to this dorm if I don't live here?' Strangely, I find another set of keys in my pockets. I check my wallet, and sure enough, there's an address on it, but it isn't even in this area! 'That's like, 50 miles from here! What's going on? Why don't I remember where I live?'

She's standing there, watching me in wonderment, and all I can say is... "Um, let's grab your stuff." On that, she kinda tilts her head then shrugs, crawls under her bed, produces a small luggage case and starts filling it with her clothes and miscellaneous things. A few minutes later, she zips it closed. She throws on the pants I had just taken off her, then while she's putting the belt through the loops, she looks up at me, smiles, and says "Let's go."

"Wow, that was quick. You've done this before or something?", I ask with a raised eyebrow. "Well, Daddy was in the Navy, so we moved a lot. I'm used to having to just get up and leave.", she says with a matter-of-fact tone in her voice. "Ah, I see. Well, let's go." Walking out of the dorm, I look around and I know I used to live here, there's even the small hole in the wall from when I was moving the new sofa in. That's so weird. 

We head out of the complex, and then it hits me. I don't even know which of these cars are mine! My thoughts move to the key ring in my pocket, and luckily it has a panic button on it. In the distance, I hear a car alarm, and I look down at her. "This way." She looks at me with a puzzled look on her face, then smiles and follows me toward the siren.