Katie woke up slowly, as she did most every day. She sat up and rubbed her eyes, reached over and grabbed her glasses from the nightstand and checked the clock. 7:18. 'Perfect.' she thought to herself, a broad smile appearing on her face.

School wasn't until 9:00, and the bus came at 8:30, so she had plenty of time to get ready. However, her plan today was different than most other days. Today she was going to have sex with her brother.

She snuck over to her brother's room, quietly turned the handle, and peeked inside. However, the bed was empty. 'Damn. Where is he?' she thought, but then she could hear a faint sound of water running in the distance. 'Ah, the shower!' She padded down the hallway, still trying to be quiet as to not wake her parents, and she quietly turned the handle of the bathroom door and slipped inside.

The steam was billowing out of the top of the glass door of the shower and you could faintly see the shadow of an 18 year old boy bathing inside. Without a word, Katie slipped off her nightgown and panties, then she opened the door to the shower and creeped in, trying her best to be hidden. 

Above her, her brother was busy scrubbing himself down, his eyes closed and he was humming some song she had been hearing on the radio recently. Suddenly, he reached down and grabbed his penis, lathering it up with soap. 'That's a little generous', Katie thought, but she must have thought a little too loudly, because her brother heard that and jumped back, flying against the wall and screaming like a little girl. His foot slipped on the wet tile and he fell back, taking Katie down with him.

There they lay, Katie on top, the hot water spraying down on her back, and her brother seemingly unconscious. Katie felt something beneath her stomach, knowing exactly what it was, and she smiled to herself, before repositioning herself and aligning his penis up with her vagina.

As his penis was already hard, and soaped up, it was rather slippery, and it was hard for Katie to align it correctly with her opening. She had played around with herself a few times, but had never played with a real penis before. She got a better grasp on it and searched for a minute before finding the hole and balancing herself on top. Determined to get him inside her before he woke up, she pressed down as hard as she could. She could feel the head poking through, and she got so excited that her feet slipped out from under her. She fell backwards and got sprayed with a mouthful of hot water.

Annoyed now, she turned off the water and tried again. This time, she was ready, so she pressed down hard and this time his entire head slipped in, with a pop. There she was, connected to her brother, and right at that moment, his eyes popped open, then grew wider than peaches!

"Katie, what are you doing?" -- "Having sex with you." -- "Sweet!"

That was the entirety of that conversation, because at that moment, he stood up and grabbed Katie under the armpits, placing her back against the wall of the shower. He must have been thinking that he was dreaming, because he immediately started pushing his penis into her. However, it didn't feel amazing to Katie, like her friend said it would. Actually, it hurt. A LOT. She cried out, "STOP!" but her brother covered her mouth and pressed in harder. With every thrust, his penis went deeper into her virginal hole, penetrating her with the force of Zeus's trident.

With his entire shaft buried in her, he could feel that Katie had calmed down a bit so he took his hand off of her mouth. "It hurts..." she said, tears streaming down her face. Her brother said nothing, but pulled back and thrust the entire length of himself into her in one go. Katie let out a long howl of pain that strangely ended in a moan of pleasure. He knew that sound, and he loved it, so he pressed on faster. With every thrust, her screams turned more into moans and she grabbed her brother's face, leaning in and locking her lips with his.

Their tongues danced together for some time, him plunging in and out of her hole all the while, until he grabbed Katie's back, pressed in as hard as he could and shot his load inside. Katie could feel the warm liquid fill her up, and she moved her hips around to give more sperm room to fill every crevice. She could faintly feel him pulling out, and then her head being placed on his shoulder as she drifted off to sleep. Briefly before she dozed off, she felt the soft mattress of her bed under her and she could have sworn she felt a soft kiss on the cheek.

Katie woke up slowly, as she did most every day. She sat up and rubbed her eyes, reached over and grabbed her glasses from the nightstand and checked the clock. 8:25. 'Oh my god!' she thought to herself, jumping out of bed. 'Why am I naked?'

Katie checks the time. 8:42 PM. Katie goes to bed at 9:00 every night, to ensure a good night's sleep. Her parents are so proud of her because they never have to tell her it's bedtime. Katie heads upstairs and into her room, placing her glasses on the nightstand, changing into her nightgown and getting under the covers. She closes her eyes for a moment, but remembers she didn't take her bath! How could she forget?

She gets back out of bed, ignoring her glasses as she won't need them in order to take a bath, and grabs a few choice toys to play with. One red boat, one blue boat, and one black plane. These toys used to be her brother's, but they were passed down to her. She loved them very much for that reason.

Katie was a very independent girl, but she still knew that she needed help with the bath, so she knocked on her brother's door. He opened the door to saw Katie in her underwear, holding a towel and her toys and he knew exactly what she wanted. He briefly went back into his room before coming out and leading her to the bathroom.

"Wanna make a movie?" he said, holding up the black camcorder and smiling. "What kind of movie?" Katie asked. "Well, I'll be the director, you can be the actress. I will tell you what to do, and what to say, but you must not talk if I don't tell you to, okay?" -- "That sounds like fun!" Katie said, as her brother turned on the water. As the tub filled up, thoughts were running through Katie's head about what the movie would be about.

"Now, when I start the video, you need to act like you know what you're doing, so don't refuse to do anything I ask you to do, okay?" he said, turning the camcorder on. 

"Okay!" Katie said, pulling off her underwear. She climbed in the tub and began washing herself, trying to act like a beautiful woman washing herself, like she had seen in the movies. Strangely, her brother wasn't filming yet.

"Alright, now stand up and what I want you to do is to put your hand on your peepee right there, then move it around, rubbing it." Katie was unsure about this, but she trusted her brother that the movie would be cool, so she followed his instruction. "Oh, and also rub your bottom too." She heard the beep of the camcorder and the red light on the front turned on. She knew this meant that he was recording, and she wanted to be a good actress, so she did what he was asking. It felt funny to her, but she saw that it made her brother happy, and she really did love her brother, so she tried harder to make him smile.

"Okay, that's good! Looks good! Now, bend down and pull the sides apart, like this..." and he curls his fingers towards his hands in an opening fashion. "We want to get a good look at your peepee." Katie didn't know why, but the way he was smiling, and maybe a little something inside, made her compelled to follow his direction. She stood up, bent down and spread her lips apart, showing herself off to the camera. 

Just then, she felt her nose itch, so she reached up and scratched it. Immediately she could see her brother's face change from happy to serious, so she quickly went back to her privates and pulled them open again, this time further than before. Her brother moved the camera closer to get a good view, then pulled it back before doing something that shocked Katie.

He took one hand off of the camcorder and reached in, while Katie held her lips open, and he touched something. It felt weird, but weird in a good way. It was very tingly and she liked it. Her brother then stood up, and Katie heard another beep.

Her brother set the camcorder down, unzipped his pants and took out his own peepee. It was bigger than she had seen it before, and it wasn't dangley like she remembered seeing it before. "Now, here's what I want you to do for the next part. I want you to hold this, and move your hands forward and back. Then, after about a minute, when I nod my head, I want you to put your mouth on it, and suck on it like it's a lollipop. Got it?" Katie nodded and looked at the camcorder. Her brother smiled at the realization that she really liked being videotaped.

Katie moved toward the edge of the tub, reached out her hands and placed them around the base of his penis. She then heard that familiar beep, letting her know to start. She only had pumped a few times before she saw her brother nodded his head, and she remembered what to do next, so she nodded hers to confirm before leaning in and placing her lips on his hard cock. She does so for about ten seconds before pulling back and smiling at him, but he just looks at her, then his penis and she understands he wants more so she tries harder.

She starts bobbing her head, to mimic how she was moving her hands earlier, and she can see that this is making her brother happy, so she continues, pushing harder and harder, trying to get more of his penis into her mouth. It is difficult, because it has gotten so big, but she manages to get the whole head inside. She continues to suck, moving around the head as if it were an ice pop, until she tastes something. It isn't like ice cream, but it does taste sweet, and a little bitter. She feels around with her tongue and finds a small hole, where she thought only pee came out of, and she licks at it a little bit, getting more of the liquid out.

She has tasted pee before, because she once peed on herself and was curious, so she stuck her finger in her mouth, and this definitely wasn't pee. So she focused her sucking efforts on this area, trying to pull out as much as possible. After about a minute, a LOT of stuff came out, filling her mouth with a flavor she had never tasted before. She pulled back on his penis, letting the head slide out of her mouth, leaving a small kiss as it left her mouth. She then heard another beep.

"Okay, that was good! That was nice, sis! A great--wait, what did you just do?" Katie opened her mouth wide and showed her brother, his semen had mostly disappeared from her mouth, only a faint bit of white at the back of her throat, as she sticks her tongue out, giving her brother a nice view of her wet mouth and the dark passageway his semen had just traveled through. She then rubbed her belly and smiled, before jumping out of the tub, grabbing her towel and running to her room. Her brother reflected on the last 30 minutes, dazed at how fast he and his sister had gone from innocent siblings to this-- whatever you might call it.

Katie woke up slowly the next morning, as she did most every day. She glanced at the clock. 7:45. She smiled to herself and sat on the edge of her bed, moving her tongue around inside her mouth and thinking "What is that taste..?"

Katie walked down the dark hallway towards the stairs thinking about what she wanted to eat. A sandwich sounded good, but was there any cheese left? As she passed her brother's room, she could see the door was cracked and his light was off, but beyond the darkness was the unmistakable glow of his monitor, seemingly enveloping his face as the shadow of his head lay on the wall adjacent. Katie was curious of why his light was off while he was still awake, so she decided to poke her head in. She couldn't see the screen clearly from her vantage point, as she was too short to see over her brother's broad shoulders, but she could hear her brother breathing deeply. As she leaned in to get a better look, the door creaked and her brother slammed the laptop shut, leaving the two of them in complete darkness.

Katie flipped the switch on, and her brother froze, halfway between his bed and his computer chair. His pants were around his legs, his penis had been tucked back into his shorts, but it was clearly visible due to the fact that it was fully erect.

Katie stares at his penis for what seems like an eternity before her brother walks over, grabs Katie, shuts his door, locks it, and throws her on his bed. He then goes over to his bag and pulls out his camcorder, then to his closet where he pulls out a tripod. Katie lays on the bed, stunned, wondering what her brother was doing.

Now, her brother knows about Katie. He has been with her his whole life, and he knows what happens to her. He knows that she has already forgotten about the movie they made last night, and the sex they had the other night. He also knows that for whatever reason, Katie trusts him entirely. He has been with her more than anyone. Dad was always at work, Mom was always busy with shopping or cleaning, so it was always him who had the job to take care of his sister. It made sense, in a way, as he was so much older than her, and he had all of the free time in the world, being a teenager. He sometimes wonders if their parents know about Katie. They have never taken her to a doctor for it, they have always just acted like it was because she was so young that she forgot things all the time. He also knew that this time would be no different than any of the other times, and he expected Katie to just go with it because of her learned affection toward him. He was right.

He set up the tripod at the edge of the bed and attached the camcorder to the top, pointing it downward, giving enough space to record Katie's lower abdomen and legs. Katie lay there in her shirt and panties, and her brother pulled her shirt off, exposing her pale white skin to the cold air. Katie shivered a little, but when she looked into her brother's eyes she felt a warm sensation in her heart, which made her calm.

In the distance she heard a very distinct beep, and the red light illuminated, letting Katie know that the camcorder had started recording. Somewhere inside she heard a voice tell her to lay still and wait for her brother to tell her what to do, but she couldn't recall where it came from. It confused her, but she was sure her brother was doing something that she could trust because he has always been there for her.

She lay there in her pink panties which had a cow in the center and a white border. They were a little bit too big on her, but she liked them like this as it allowed for more air to pass through. Her legs were bent, because the edge of the bed had a metal frame that was very cold to rest her legs on, so you could see her beautiful silky smooth inner thighs. She wasn't sure what she was supposed to do, laying there, but then she heard another beep.

"Okay, I need you to take your underwear off. I am going to make you feel very good, okay?" Her brother smiled at her with his trademark reassuring smile, and Katie just nodded, reaching down her sides and slipping her thumbs under the waistband. Her brother wasn't expecting her to do it so suddenly, so he shuffled back to the camcorder and pressed the button again quickly. Her panties were almost halfway off by the time the camcorder beeped again, but after she slipped them off of her legs, he was introduced to the sight of her equally smooth and beautiful pussy. It had absolutely no hair and the slit was perfect, only starting to open. He could tell that it had only just begun preparing itself for puberty, which should still be a couple of years away.

Katie got an idea, and she reached her hands down and pulled open her pussy lips, which presented her brother with her light pink rose colored inner folds. She smiled up at her brother, knowing somehow that this was what he wanted to see. Her brother smiled back before reaching his hand in, sticking out his index finger and lightly touching Katie's clitoris, causing Katie to jump back, closing her legs around his arm.

She heard a beep, and her brother ran over to his bag and pulled out a small tube. He showed it to Katie, explaining that this would make things easier. Katie was unsure, but trusted her brother. She laid her legs back out and heard another beep.

He leaned in and squeezed the cold gel-like substance onto her pussy, giving her a small shiver. He then began to rub it around with his index finger, being careful to not touch her clitoris directly. He spread it first around the outer lining of her pussy, then started spiraling inward until he was pressing directly onto her clitoris.

Katie wanted to be good for her brother, so she tensed up her legs and clenched her fist, trying her hardest not to jump back again. He started focusing on her clitoris more, rubbing in circles for minutes, but what seemed like forever to Katie. With every rotation, Katie could feel something deep inside her building up and it felt like her stomach was full of butterflies. As hard as she tried, after a while she started bucking her legs, kicking downward toward the bed and she threw punches at the linen covered mattress, but nothing helped. It just felt amazing. She closed her legs around her brothers arm and pulled him in before letting out a short yelp, which was quickly stifled by her left index finger, which she shoved into her mouth to prevent her mother from hearing.

The waves of ecstasy washed over her as her brother, determined, continued to rub her clitoris, even though she was writhing in what some might call pain. Her body began shaking, and she turned on her side, a tear running down her face. As she came down from her orgasm, she loosened her grip on her brother, pulled her finger out of her mouth and let out a long sigh. She closed her eyes and heard another beep.

She lay there, motionless for a moment as she listened to her brother rummaging around, the closet door opening and shutting, his computer shutting down, the light switch being turned off, and then about 30 seconds later she felt his strong arms lift her up, placing her head on the pillow at the top of the bed, then footsteps as he walked to the other side of the bed, climbed under the covers and she felt his naked body against her bare back. His penis was solid, pressing against her ass, which actually felt a little uncomfortable, so she repositioned herself a little bit, opened her legs and allowed for his penis to rest between her legs, pressing up against her tender, moist pussy lips.