Sam and Amy were never allowed to be alone together, but neither of them knew why. All they knew was that they loved spending time with each other and enjoying sleeping in the same beds. It was really fun to play "Guess what it is?" under the blanket, the game their daddy used to play with them all the time. The way to play was for both people to be under the covers and one person would close their eyes, the other would take their hand and put it on a part of their body. Then, the one with their eyes closed would have to guess what body part they were touching. Now, it got really hot under the covers, so frequently Amy and Sam would play the game in only their underwear, but sometimes, right after their bath, they would play while not wearing anything at all. Amy remembered how daddy really liked to have Amy touch and guess his private parts, and Amy thought it was so icky that she would have Sam touch hers one day.

Sam closed his eyes and smiled, holding his hand out to Amy, who eagerly grabbed it and slowly lowered it down to her private area, thinking how funny it would be when Sam's hand would be covered in pee. She remembered from when daddy would rub her private area, it would cause some pee to come out, so she had secretly rubbed herself right after the bath to make sure there was a lot of it when she put Sam's fingers inside. She took Sam's hand and closed the thumb, pinky and ring fingers, then pressed the two remaining fingers against her private spot. She said "Guess what it is~~~" And Sam replied "I don't know, it's kinda wet. Is it your mouth?"

"No, silly, I wouldn't be able to talk if it were my mouth." Amy tried to push his fingers in a little more, and to her surprise, Sam started moving his fingers around, trying to get a feel for what he was touching. "It's really wet, Amy, what is it?" he asked, unsure of what it could be. He had never touched this part of a girl before, after all. "You gotta guess, it's how the game works." Amy smiled to herself, laughing a little inside, eagerly waiting for him to open his eyes and notice his fingers were covered in her pee. 

Sam opened his hand and started feeling around the area, "I don't know..." -- "Yeah, well, you gotta guess it before you can open your eyes." Sam really wanted to have Amy stick her finger in his nose, so he dug around a little more, trying to figure out what he was feeling. "I think I found a little hole. Is it your ear?" Amy felt Sam's index finger enter her privates and she jumped, the feeling was strange, but not unfamiliar. She had felt it a couple of times before when daddy had rubbed her there, but daddy had never put his finger inside the pee hole. "Well? Is it?" Sam repeated, a questioning look on his face, "Um... no... it's, er, not my ear... Think lower..." Sam could feel the hole opening up a little bit so he pressed it in further, and he was sure he had no idea what this was he was feeling. "Amy? I don't know what it is, can I open my eyes?"

"No, Sam, um, just... keep... trying... to figure it out... for another minute..." Amy said, starting to feel butterflies in her stomach. As Sam pressed his finger farther in, he could feel his hand getting wetter and he started moving his finger around inside. he could feel a couple of different textures and he wanted to explore more so he could figure out what he was touching, so he took another finger and slid it inside too. "Oh, Sam!" Amy cried out as his middle finger slid inside. Sam's eyes popped open, afraid he had hurt Amy, and he immediately looked down at where his hand was. He went to pull out, but Amy grabbed his arm and held him inside with all of her strength. "Amy! That's where pee comes from! Eww! There's pee on my hand!" Sam cried out, trying to pull his hand out of the opening, but with every pull, Amy pulled him back in, creating a pumping in and out of her privates that felt wonderful to Amy. Amy let out a moan and released her grip on Sam's arm, at which he immediately pulled out and threw the cover off of them. At the same moment, the bedroom door opened and Mom was standing there. There was a thin string of fluid connecting Sam's finger to Amy's privates and Mom threw her hands to her mouth before grabbing Sam and running out of the room.

A couple of days later, the police came and took daddy away and Amy hasn't been able to be alone with Sam ever since.