It's been three weeks now, I have just about settled in, and this country amazes me more and more every day. They said it would be horrible, they said I would hate it. Boy were they wrong.

Even after I stepped off the plane I already knew it was nothing like I thought it would be. The airport terminal was very modern and spacious, but of course it would need to be, it's the biggest airport here! It was dark, about 8 pm, but my trip wasn't over yet. I had another connecting flight to my destination, so my hopes were still not set too high. 

Arriving at my destination, there was a sandstorm that tinted the entire city in a brownish yellow. I asked the man who greeted me "Is it like this every day?" And he replied that it was actually pretty rare for this to happen, we were quite a ways from the desert. 

The next morning, the sky had cleared up, it was a beautiful autumn morning and the temperature was cold, but I soon found out that this was the norm for the area. The man had told me to wake up early because we had to start quickly, we had a very busy couple of weeks ahead of us.

I had never left my home country before this, and everything was very new to me, but to my surprise, a lot of things were very modern, which both made me happy and also sort of bugged me. I came here to get away from the way things are run back home, not to be greeted by an idealistic world of "I wanna be". 

As I was told, the first day was very busy, and I spent most of my time inside. The meals were all paid for and delivered to the building, so I had no obligation to leave. I still wanted to get out to see the area, even though I would only be staying here for a short time. 

The next morning I got up a little earlier in order to take a walk. It was a brisk 40 degrees, so I threw on my heavy jacket. I got to the sidewalk and looked around, chose a direction and started walking. As I continued down the street, I noticed many of the natives, and they noticed me as well. Some of them pointed, some whispered something to the others they were with, some ignored me completely, and some came up and greeted me as if I were a king.

Something I did know about coming here was that I do not understand a word of the native language here. They told me it would be fine and working here would not require any kind of previous knowledge of the language, but I was still curious on how that would work. I know back in my home country, we consider those who don't speak our language to be outcasts or low-lifes. "If you can't speak my language then why are you here?" was the natural reaction. They constantly reassured me that it was quite the opposite here. 

One thing that I found very interesting about this area was the sheer amount of children. I know back in my home country I would only rarely see children, maybe one in twenty or thirty people, but here it was more like one in five. I felt that every single couple had a child, and every child was no older than 10 years old. Later I found out why this was.

Another thing that struck me as odd was the general low level of security the parents put on their children. Back home, no one would take their eyes off of their children for more than a couple of seconds, lest be branded a bad parent. Here, however, you would see children wander away from their parents, parents would go on with what they were doing and eventually call out the child's name, in which they would come from around a corner or alley and everything would be peachy. As I have stayed here longer, I have noticed that it is like this because the actual rate of crimes committed here is very, very low.

It was just about a week ago when I first saw her. She was playing on the sidewalk with a friend of hers, apparently she lived in the apartment complex next to mine. They were playing badminton, but there was no net, just a simple shuttlecock and two rackets. Her parents (or were they her grandparents?) owned the little convenience store outside her apartment complex, but everytime I wanted to buy something, she would be the person to take the money. She couldn't be any older than 9... The thought crossed my mind at the time, what was the status of child labor laws here? 

It was her friend that saw me first, she pointed her nose in my direction and that made the girl turn her head, and it seemed immediately a broad smile spread across her face as she said "Hi!", the first word of English I had heard from anyone other than the man who had greeted me at the terminal. I smiled back and waved. She asked me something in her language and I just smiled and shrugged, so she dropped her racket and ran over to the little shop where she started showing off her goods the best she could. I grabbed a bottle of water and asked "How much?" She held up two fingers and I shuffled through my pockets, pulled out the first bill I could find and her eyes grew wide when I handed her the smallest thing I had, a 100.

She pulled out the drawer below the counter and I could see a pile of money and coins inside, she quickly picked up my change and laid it out in front of me, a bit of uncertainty in her movements, as if I couldn't read the numbers on the bills or something, but she pushed it towards me and I picked it up, put it back in my pocket and smiled at her, I said "Thank You"£¬and she shot up straight, a look in her eyes of "Oh, I know that one! What was it..." After a few seconds, she stammered out a "Um.. er... Yer Welcorm." She seemed so proud of herself that she remembered it that I couldn't bare to correct her. I just smiled, nodded, and she shuffled into the back of the store, chasing her friend, giggling. I laughed a little inside and walked off, fixed my eyes on a street and decided to go "That way", today. 

That night, on my way home, I was walking by the girl's store and she was sitting there, behind the counter, elbows on the counter, palms on her chin, staring out into the street. At first, she didn't notice me, but I ended up blocking her view and she seemed to have been shocked out of a trance of some sort, because she jumped about three feet into the air and had to scramble herself to look decent while also trying to blurt out "Hello", but all I heard was a low mumbled "lo". I looked at my watch, it was nearly midnight! Where were her parents, and more importantly, why is a girl this young running a store so late at night by herself? The thought of the child running through the alleys by himself in the middle of the day crossed my mind and I figured it must just be a local thing.. Still struck me as odd.

Either way, she opened up the cooler that was sitting next to her and pulled out the same brand of water I had bought earlier and held it out to me, assuming I wanted another one. I smiled and waved it off, but decided to take a look around the store anyway. It was small, only two aisles, but it was stuffed with just about everything anyone should ever need, food, drinks, toiletries, batteries, and even a couple of cups and utensils. I shot a glance back to the counter, and she was sitting there staring at me, but as soon as she noticed me looking at her, she looked away. I noticed she had changed her pants from earlier and was now wearing some short pajama shorts and a t-shirt that read "Sweat" with a large cherry below it. I figured they meant for it to say Sweet, but it was still a nice shirt. 

I could see in through the arm hole just a bit of her side, looked smooth. The shirt was obviously a size or two too large. Just then, an image flashed in my head of how she might look without the shirt on, but I shook that out of my head and grabbed a bag of chips and a bottle of green tea. I approached the counter and placed the two things on the counter, she said a few things aloud, then held up seven fingers. I handed her a 10 bill this time, and she handed me back three coins. As she placed the coins in my hand, however, I felt her hand curl in and it seemed as if she pulled on my hand a little bit. I looked up at her, and her eyes were fixed on mine. She gave me a smile that I had only ever seen on girls twice her age and she nodded her head in the direction of the back of the store. 

I looked back and noticed a curtain blocking what I had previously thought was the bathroom, or maybe where her parents were sitting, watching my every move. I cocked my head to the side a little bit and shot a glance at the girl, whose hand slid up my arm and started caressing it lightly. I could see a bit of lust in her eyes and she pulled my arm closer to her, then pressed my hand over her (non-existant) left breast. I instinctively grabbed hold, feeling her ribcage under my hands before noticing a very light depression under the palm of my hand.

It seemed her nipples were at least slightly erect, and she moved my hand over so I could touch her properly. Nervous, I pulled my hand away and stared out into the darkness, expecting a policeman or another bystander to be staring at me with the utmost look of disgust, but no one was there. It was completely quiet outside, and it seemed everything was dead, except for the two of us, standing in the well-lit convenience store. 

She nodded her head in the direction of the curtain again, and when I didn't return a reply, she just grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the back. My mind was blank, was this really happening? This girl, who couldn't be much older than 8 or 9, was pulling me into a curtained back-area of a convenience store...?

Behind the curtain, it got very dark. I couldn't do anything but let her lead me around, the pulled me in front of her, then I felt two little hands press against my hips and I fell back onto a soft surface. A bed? She disappeared suddenly, and there I was, sitting in the dark on some sort of bed, by myself, unsure of what the girl exactly intended on doing. Well, heh, I sort of figured, but surely not? Definitely not. I heard in the distance the sound of a metal gate closing and a little bit of rustling around on the other side of the wall, before the curtain opened again and the girl, carrying a small box in her hands, flipped a switch.

It didn't turn on a light, but rather turned off another. Now, it was completely pitch dark in the entire store. My eyes started adjusting to the dark room, and the girl sat down on the bed next to me, said a few things to me, but seemed to know I didn't understand her. I heard the opening of a box and the sound of plastic rustling and a ripping sound, and what seemed was immediately after, she had positioned herself between my legs, she searched around for one of my hands, placed something inside, which I instantly realized was a condom, and she started working on my pants. First, she undid the belt. It seemed as if she had done this many times before, considering how dark it was, and that she got it completely undone in one try. She pulled the belt off and unbuttoned my pants, but it was at that point that I grabbed her arm and stopped her. 

She looked up at me, eyes full of anticipation, and I asked her "What's the rush?" She said something that I had just recently found out meant "I don't understand", and she pushed my hand out of the way. I stopped her again and she placed her other hand on my chest and pushed me down, my back landing on the bed. Her lips met mine and ensued a kiss that I will probably never forget. I had never had a tongue that felt so small inside my mouth. Everything about her felt small, her lips, her tongue, her teeth, and when I pushed my tongue into her mouth, it seemed to fill her up completely. I barely had room to move around, but she knew this. She expertly massaged my tongue with hers, rolling it around and pulling it in with suction. I could feel her trying to get her tongue deeper and deeper into my mouth, but she could only reach about a quarter of the way.

As we continued, I could feel my penis getting larger, and I know she could too, because she started moving her hips, massaging me, rubbing her shorts into my groin. She reached down and unzipped my pants, then repositioned herself, while still holding the kiss, so she could wrap her toes around the hem of my pants. I hadn't even noticed her take her shoes off...

She was amazingly agile, she shifted herself around, wriggling the pants down and around my hips, past my knees, and she let them drop to the floor. She started again on my penis, which had now become completely erect and was pushing up against my boxers, wanting to get out. She put one hand on either side of my chest and pushed herself up, breaking the kiss, and sat on top of me. I could faintly see my penis pushing up into her shorts, and she grabbed my hands, steadied herself, then started moving back and forth, as if she were riding a horsie. After a short while, I broke hold and grabbed the end of her shirt, lifted it up and over, she pulled her arms through and it came easily off of her head, considering the size. 

I saw what I had imagined earlier, only better. Two rose-colored circles perfectly placed on her chest, small, but not too small. I ran my hands up and down her sides a few times, allowing her to move around and shift her hips on my penis. Even with the three layers of fabric between us, I could swear I could feel a slight hint of dampness, and immediately could smell a certain scent in the air, one sweeter, but similar to the ones I was accustomed to back home. Her legs tightened around me and she started moving on her own.

After a short while, I lifted her up, with a bit of resistance from her, sat up, placed her in front of me, and she gave me a pouty frown and her hands ended up on her hips, but as I pulled my boxer shorts down and off, she lit right up again and knelt down in front of me. She quickly grabbed hold with one hand, but could barely wrap one hand around the entire base, so her other hand joined in and she began pumping away. She moves fast, I could already tell, so I wasn't that surprised when she lowered her face and stuck her tongue out, licking the tip of the head a couple of times. She swirled her tongue around a few times, making sure to touch the sensitive part just below the glans, and then opened up and slid her lips over the head. Just as before, it felt smaller than any other mouth I had been in. I could instantly feel the edges of her teeth close down around the head, but she was careful not to bite down. I hoped that the first time she did this she hadn't bit down too hard and gotten hit or something...

She began sucking, and continued pumping away at the shaft, but it wasn't long before I came. It felt way too good. I came into her, filling up what small area hadn't already been filled, and she immediately stopped pumping. However, she continued sucking. It was as if she wanted to get every drop of cum out of me before letting me go. As she pulled away, she continued her hold on my head until she ended in a light kiss at the tip. She then stood up, moved in close, placed her lips against mine and forced her tongue inside. She used her body weight to lay me down on the bed and she opened her mouth, allowing for my cum to slide from her mouth into mine. It was warm. It also tasted a bit sour. I had tasted it once before, but it was by accident. Never before had a girl done something like this with me, but I wouldn't say it was exactly unpleasant. It added a certain texture to the kiss, and we shared my cum between our mouths for the next minute or so before pulling away from each other. She stared into my eyes, swallowed, and sat there, waiting for me to do the same. I thought to myself, what the hell, and swallowed my share as well. I could see a smile cross her face and her eyes lit up, then she bent down and gave my penis another kiss. 

After that, she crawled up, around me, laid down in the bed and motioned for me to come to her. I laid down next to her, and she pushed back against me, snuggling in close. I could feel my flaccid penis starting to get erect again, and she felt it too. She opened her legs, shuffled her butt around a bit and took hold of it between her legs. I reached around and grabbed her left hand with my right, and within minutes she fell fast asleep.

***********

Being in this country has already started to show it's advantages to me. I had known for quite a while back in my home country that I was a pedophile, and that what I had just done was considered illegal and I could be sent to jail if anyone had found out, but here in this country, I felt a sense of security, almost as if "no one would ever find out." There may be a time in the future where I have to pay for what I did with this girl, but for the time being, the possible repercussions didn't seem so bad.

I awoke a few hours later due to a pressure I felt against my hips. At first I didn't realize what was going on, because I had just been having a very interesting dream where my last girlfriend and I were having sex. I would have been rather perturbed about someone waking me up from that, but as my eyes focused on the situation I realized that the reason the dream felt so real was because my penis was actually currently enveloped inside the real thing.

She had apparently woken up, noticed my penis was erect and decided to give me a very unorthodox wake-up call. I looked a little closer and noticed she had the whole length of my penis inside her already and wondered to myself how long she had been at it. Also, why hadn't I woken up? As my mind cleared, however, I was more concerned with the fact that my penis was buried deep within a young girl, who had apparently had sex before, and the serious implications that could come from this if anyone were to find out.

I then remembered that she had locked up the store, and there would be no way anyone would find us here. I also figured that since she was so young, her period must not have started yet, so it eased my mind a little bit to know that even if I had already come inside her, mind you I am a very deep sleeper, it wouldn't be that big of a deal. 

She was breathing pretty heavily, however, and it seemed she had been working me for quite a while. I remembered coming into the girl in my dreams, but having woken up I wasn't sure if I had done that for real or not. My questions were quickly answered as she rolled off of me and some fluid started dripping out of her. I could see it wasn't completely clear, so I must have come. Damn, I sure do have a sleeping problem if I can sleep through a child having sex with me.

As she calmed down a bit, she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek, saying something that I assumed meant "Good Morning", a mischievous smile on her face. I, however, was not spent. I had just woken up and my cock was harder than ever having just seen this young girl roll off of me. Before she had a chance to notice, I had rolled on top of her and had her arms pinned against the bed. She didn't actually make a move to resist, which I guess makes since after what she had just done, but it still helped me to get into the mood.

I told her "Don't Move." and she looked at me, seeing how serious my face was, and just nodded her head. I wasn't sure if she understood me or not, but at least she agreed. With that, I shifted forward and pressed my penis against her labium. It was already quite wet, and it was very easy to enter her having just penetrated her a minute ago, so I had no trouble sliding right in. Even though it was easy to enter, the walls of her vagina were tight, as to be expected from a girl her age, and they pressed against my penis. I could feel her muscles tighten around my cock and I started pumping in and out of her. 

The feeling was wonderful, definitely what I had expected, and I could feel my penis pressing against the back of her vaginal cavity with every thrust. I didn't, however, want this to end as soon as it began, so I lifted her up and sat her down on top of me. Pressing myself as far into her as possible, I reached my head down and kissed her forehead. She smelled as if she hadn't washed her hair in a couple of days, but it didn't bother me that much, it actually seemed to add to the experience. She looked up at me and smiled, then repositioned her legs so that she could control herself and started lifting herself up, almost completely off of me, before letting herself drop onto me with all of her weight.

Every time she did this, she let out a low moan, followed by a deep breath taken in the next time she rose up. She seemed tired from whatever she had been doing before I woke up, so I placed my hands on either of her hips and took back control of the situation. She was light, but not too light. I could easily lift her up and push her back down, making it easy on both of us. She let out a small sigh of relief, but quickly regretted it because I was moving at about twice the speed she had been, slowly increasing to three times the speed. She barely had time to take her breaths in and her moans got louder, until it sounded like a constant breathing in-moan and I could feel her chest rise and fall under my palms.

After another minute or so of this, she took in one sharp breath and clenched her teeth. At the same time, I could feel her pussy clamp down on me harder than it had before and I immediately came into her. The first spurt was during an outward pull, but I thrust her body down hard and I could feel my penis press out of her stomach against mine as I continued coming deep into her. She said one word, it is one that I won't ever forget, it sounded like "Nuuannnn" and she rubbed her hands against her stomach slowly as she came down from her orgasm.

She slumped against my body and wrapped her arms around me, I flopped onto the bed sidewards and she bounced a little bit, causing my penis to pop out of her. She let out a short cry of surprise when this happened and pulled herself away from me, looking down at it. She grabbed it with her right hand but the sensation was too much for me to handle so I almost slapped her hand away. She made that same pouty face from earlier and turned her back to me. Not soon after, I noticed her arm gyrating in a familiar fashion and I could only guess she had gone back to fingering herself. I was exhausted from having just come twice in such a short time, so I started dozing off to sleep. 

I was almost asleep, however, when I heard a sound that I never would have expected to hear in this situation. Crying. I thought for a moment that it must have been the girl next to me, but it was too far away. I then thought it must be a baby in an adjacent apartment or something, but that thought got shot down as well when the girl jumped up off the bed and ran into another room I hadn't noticed before. A few awkward seconds later, the girl came out of the dark room holding what looked like a one year old baby. She had the baby cradled against her chest and was gently patting it's back. 

I was confused at this sight, as surely the one year old baby would stay with the parents, not the 8 or 9 year old? girl who was running the convenience store, and she said something else, it sounded like a sheep bleeting to me, but it was a little more pronounced and definitely a word in her language. She brought the baby over and laid it down between the two of us, pushing it towards me saying a few more things. It was very cute and looked a lot like the girl, so I assumed it was her sister. I had no idea what to say, so the three of us just cuddled in together and fell back asleep.

The last thought I had before falling asleep was, maybe I should go now... But I remembered the door was locked and I had no idea how to open it.

