It was getting dark and it had begun to get a bit too cold for little Carol, so she decided to head home. She had hoped so much that it would snow, her number one wish for Christmas. She wanted snow more than anything. More than that new doll, more than the puppy dog in the window, more than anything.

It never snowed in the little town of Ruckers, being in a subtropical climate that stayed the same temperature the whole year, the best she could hope for was rain. And rain was what she feared the worst of everything during winter, because it was so cold that it would just stick to her body and never go away.

Carol was trotting towards her home, passing the houses covered in glittering christmas lights, the various lawn ornaments that seemed two sizes too big, until she came to something she hadn't thought she would ever see in her wildest dreams.

"SNOW!" she cried, staring bewildered at the lawn that was covered in a white substance that could only be described as fluffy, white, wonderful snow. Her eyes grew wide and she ran toward the gate, her small fingers grasping the metal tightly. She looked around for a way to get inside, and at the far end of the gate she found the door. The latch was too tall, however, so she took off her shoes, one by one, and placed her feet on the first metal bar, lifting herself up, trying to reach.

She couldn't quite get it, so she lifted her legs up and stepped up to the second metal bar. At this height, her hands could reach the top of the gate, so she pulled herself up and straddled her legs over the top, staring at the latch, wondering the best way to get the gate open without falling off. She leaned forward and grabbed the latch with both hands, but it wouldn't budge. Around the edges of the latch there was some rust, so it must be very old, and very difficult to open.

She then looked to her left, noticing that she was already halfway there, why not just climb down? However, on this side of the gate, there were no metal bars for her feet to hold on to. There was however a nice pillow of snow below... Carol thought it probably wasn't the best idea to fall into the snow, but how else would she get to play in it? So--- plop! ---and Carol was staring up at the dusk sky, spotting a couple of early showing stars as the sun sunk lower into the mountains nearby. 

"That didn't hurt at all!" Carol thought to herself, as she lay there, starting to feel cold. First it was her feet. She stared through the gate at her little black dance shoes, sad that she had taken them off as her feet were now starting to get very cold. Carol figured there must be a nice grandmother inside the house, sitting next to a fireplace with her cat, so she stood up and walked, quickly turning into a run, towards the small brick house.

'Knock, Knock, Knock' went her small fist against the solid oak door, and moments later the door opened, and Carol first stared at the huge boots, then what seemed like a mile of blue jeans, easily as tall as her, then about that same length in broad shoulders, finishing in a large, not-so-grandmotherly face staring down at her. Carol was scared, and she turned back, looking toward the gate, noticing that even if she got that far, she wouldn't be able to climb up this side of the gate, and the last thing she saw was all of that beautiful snow that was perfect, save for a single line of footprints leading toward a rather large hole that resembled the size of her body before being pulled inside.

Merry Christmas! Keep an eye on your kids~