This morning I woke up and found myself with a massive erection. This is not an abnormal occurrence by any means, but it was a result of a wonderful dream I had just been having, before being rudely woken up by the trash truck outside. That wonderful sound meant that it was roughly 6:30 AM. 

I got out of bed, went into my living room and turned on my computer. While it was booting up, I walked over to the kitchen and started some breakfast. Scratching my head with a yawn, I decided on a simple bowl of cereal. I poured a good helping into the bowl, went into the fridge and grabbed the milk carton only to find out that it was almost empty. 

I walked back to my computer and ate my dry cereal.... crunch... crunch... crunch... checked my email and a couple of forums that I frequent before heading back into the bedroom and getting dressed for the day. I looked at the calendar and noticed that today was Friday, the 27th of January and it had now been 142 days since I lost my job. The thought crossed my mind briefly that it was time to get out there and find a job, but it went away quickly as I had no need for money now that I had inherited my father's estate. 

I pulled my shirt over my head and stared blankly at my reflection in the mirror for about a minute before saying out loud "Today is the day." I grabbed my keys and wallet, went outside and got in my car. I drove into town, past the supermarket, past the elementary school, past 7th street, 10th, 15th... "Ah, 27th street. Sounds like a good number." I parked my car and got out, walked down the street, it was a beautiful winter morning, the morning dew was frozen to the tips of the grass that had just started growing in the lawn. I stopped at number 1320, noticing what I was looking for out of the corner of my eye. 

The man of the house had just left the front door, breifcase in hand. He headed toward his car and spotted me, waved and I waved back, casually. He didn't seem to mind that I had stopped right in front of his house, but he did keep his eye on me the whole time from when he turned the ignition of his car until he turned the corner, out of sight. 

I continued down the street and I checked my watch. "7:30. Sounds just about right." I stopped, turned around and headed back towards number 1320. Just as I approached the house, a loli girl popped out of the front door, eyes as bright as the sun. She had her book bag on her back and she waved goodbye to her mom before teetering through the lawn towards the sidewalk. Her mother was watched her through the window until she got there, but then she went on with her own business. 

The girl caught sight of me and waved, a big smile on her face before turning and heading toward the corner. As she approached the corner, which happened to be where I had parked my car, I came up behind her, put my hand over her mouth, popped my trunk open and placed her inside. 

As I closed the trunk, she tried to fight her way out so I tied her arms together with the scarf I had and put the stocking in her mouth. As I closed the trunk I noticed her big brown eyes staring at me in fear. 

She had nothing to fear. I would take care of her now.

I arrived at my house and pulled into the garage, you could hear her muffled cries echoing off the sheet metal walls. I can still remember that clearly to this day.

Unlocking the trunk, it flew open as she kicked and I grabbed hold of her under her armpits. She had kicked off her shoes on the way here, and I noticed her short white socks with the little frill on the edges. That was the first time I noticed I really liked feet.

I decided to leave the shoes in the trunk and threw her over my shoulder, carrying her inside. Turning left, through the kitchen, another left and down the hall, I entered my bedroom and dropped her onto my bed. She scrambled and tried to stand up, but I held her down and she threw her bound hands at me in a jabbing motion, as if she were trying to stab me it seemed.

At the foot of my bed, there are wooden posts with space in between them, just big enough for her legs to fit through, so I pushed her left, then right through, holding her thighs and pulled a box out from under the bed, taking a pair of handcuffs out and cuffing her legs together. with this I let go of her and walked out of the room. As I closed the door, I looked back and she had a dazed look on her face for a moment before she started bashing her fist against the wood and pulling her feet, trying to get free.

In the living room, I closed the blinds and bolted the front door. Continuing around the house, the thought crossed my mind that the school would call her mother saying she had not come to school, so I went over to the phone and sifted through the mail trying to find something addressed to the girl, but quickly remembered that she was too young to be receiving mail. My hand automatically came up to my forehead and I made a b-line for my bedroom. Once there, I could see that she had not achieved much since I was gone, but one of her socks had come off somehow.

Her bag was red and yellow, with a pink flower embroidered in the center of the front pocket. I unzipped it and pulled out her pencil box, which had Rebecca plastered on it in huge letters, glitter and foam butterflies and more flowers. I also pulled out a textbook and opened it up, just to make sure she went to the same school that was down the street from me. Sure enough, it was.

At this point, Rebecca had stopped screaming and was just trying to get her hands unbound. It was obvious that she had made some progress, and that I would have to do something about that later, but for now I left the room again to make the call.

It amazes me the stupidity of some people. I called the school and introduced myself as Mr Lemrick, and stated that Rebecca was feeling ill today and she would not be coming in. The woman on the other line thanked me, and that was it. I was good for at least the next six hours. 

Before returning to the room I grabbed a pair of shears from the drawer and poured myself a glass of water. I also took off my shoes, as I knew I wouldn't be needing those. Upon arriving in the room, Rebecca strangely had fallen asleep. This struck me as odd, but it just made things easier. Upon closer inspection, she seemed to have a bruise on her forehead, a straight line that resembled the edge of the foot of my bed. She must have been trying to break the hold of the scarf and hit her head.

Removing the shears from my pocket, I made a cut along the right side of her left thigh, then another one along her right, which released the shorts she was wearing without the need to uncuff her. Thinking back, I had no idea where the keys to those cuffs were at the time.

I pulled off her now destroyed shorts and tossed them off of the bed. I turned back to her and saw her panties, which had little teddy bears all over them. Now, I know what you're thinking, "He's going to fuck her right now!", right? Yeah, well, I could have, seeing as she was passed out, but that's just not my thing. I get a bit of a thrill out of the energy involved, and it helps me along when they fight back.

I placed my hand against her thigh and started exploring my new treasure. Her legs were short, and noticeably soft. I've always had a thing for learning more about people, and now was the perfect time to get a good look at Rebecca. Her hips had not fully developed yet, so her chest, stomach and legs were fairly straight. She was a healthy girl, not too thin and not chubby in any way of speaking. Her best feature however was her eyes. The most beautiful shade of green I have ever seen.

Right, by the time I had reached her face in my examination, I noticed her eyes half open, a sleepy look about her. She was staring right at me, but didn't make any sudden movements. "Who are you?" She asked, a bit of wonder in her voice. At first I didn't say anything, just smiled down at her in a reassuring way. "Who are you?" She repeated, a little more focused now, and she tried to sit up, but then quickly moved her bound hands to her forehead and cried out "Owch!" before falling back onto the bed.

I could tell that she wasn't fully aware of the situation, and had forgotten that I had kidnapped her, so I decided it was okay to unbound her hands. "It's okay, Rebecca, just lay still. I'm here to help you." I said, the first thing I could think of. "It's Becky. And how do you know my name?" She asked. "Oh, sorry Becky, it's right here on your pencil box. I found you lying outside, you must have fainted from the heat. You should really take better care of yourself."

Becky shook her head a couple times, trying to get a grasp on her surroundings. "Umm, mister, could you tell me... Why are my legs hand cuffed?" She points to her legs, which have developed a bit of redness around where the cuffs have been rubbing against her legs. "Oh, that was because I don't trust just anyone in my house, and I didn't want you to take any of my things if you had woken up. You know, can't trust everyone."

"Oh. And, why am I not wearing any pants?" -- "Ah, I should be asking you that one, that's how I found you." She cocks her head to the side, trying to remember walking outside this morning without pants, but her eyes go wide and she says "Oh... my... I don't remember what I did this morning, or anything, actually. I know my parent's faces, but I can't place the last time I saw them." Her face turns from confused to scared, and then to sorrowful. A tear runs down her cheek and I can see she's about to cry, so I pull her close to me. Through my shirt I can feel her tears against my chest.

"Tell you what. Becky?" I lightly pull her away from my chest and take her head in my palms, turning her face towards me. Her eyes were glistening and puffy, and her mouth was gaping open. I could hear her short breaths and could see that I had her full attention and she wanted me to help her.

"I'll help you find your parents, okay? And until we find them, you can stay with me. I've got an extra room here, so it won't be a problem." It seemed almost immediately her eyes brightened up and a broad smile went across her face. She wrapped her arms around my waist and said "Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you! But.... Where should we start?"

"Oh, well, first we should have some breakfast. Hold on a second and I'll get you out of those hand-cuffs." I sifted through the box, pushing the dildos and various vibrators out of the way, but the keys were nowhere to be found. 'Oh, no', I thought to myself. While I was down there, I grabbed her shorts and threw them into the box. "Becky, tell you what, I'll go ahead and make you some breakfast and we'll eat it here in bed. I'll get you out of those hand-cuffs soon, okay?" I stood up and walked towards the door, Becky replied "Oh, but they are so tight." As I entered the hallway, I called back "Yeah, it'll just take a minute. How does cereal sound?

I didn't hear her answer, but went ahead and poured a couple of bowls of cereal, another glass of water and carried it all into the bedroom on a tray. When I got back, I could see her fiddling with the hand-cuffs through the rails, trying to get her feet out of them. "Hey, don't do that, you'll hurt yourself." I placed the tray on the bed next to Becky and pulled her hands back through the wooden slits. She grabbed a bowl of cereal and placed it on her lap, shivering a little at how cold the milk was against her bare legs. She started eating and curiously watched me as I searched through my dresser drawers for the key.

As I reached the bottom drawer I remembered the last time I used those hand-cuffs it was the girl I was with who had used them on me, so I checked the bedside table that I never use, and sure enough they had fallen in there. I headed over to the end of the bed and was about to put the key in when I noticed her little toes wiggling playfully. I glanced up at Becky and she was smiling mischievously at me. I grabbed her little feet and she started giggling, so I started rubbing them, and her giggling turned to laughter. Apparently she was very ticklish on the bottom of her feet. Cool.

I could feel my pants getting tighter, so I decided it best to stop before I go too far, so I went ahead and took the hand-cuffs off. With her legs now free, she kicked her feet a little bit and wiggled her toes more, noticing how it made me happy, and another smile crossed her face.

This was the beginning of the end for me.

