Suzy's crush


Suzy is twelve years old. She has a petite body,and golden blonde hair. With what she calls dents for boobs. Her nipples are just starting to bud also. She's laying on her bed under her blanket.


Today a new boy arrived at school named Jeremy. She thinks his black hair, and body looks amazing. He wears blue jeans and a white t-shirt. She thinks he's very cute. 

Her mom always tells her about the crush she had in 6th grade. She laughs then kisses her dad, and says well I married him. This makes her feel sick every time she hears it.


Now though all she can think about is him. Her first crush. She also can't stop wondering what he's dick looks like or any boys for that manner. She's only seen drawings of them, and wonders what a real one looks like.


She's in a night-gown that's white with little red hearts. She lifts up the gown, and starts tickling her pussy. She isn't wearing underwear. A cold chill goes up her spine. When she slides her finger in her pussy crack. It's very wet from thinking about Jeremy.


Her heart is picking up. She's just imagining that he is talking to her. He's propped up on his locker. She's wearing a white shirt with a red checkered cloth skirt, and holding her book across her chest with both arms.


She slides her finger in her pussy. When she sees that his pants bulge out a little. She smiles,and thinks, &ldquo;That's probably his dick.&rdquo; She feels something blocking her finger she pushes a little harder, and goes in. She relaxes from the feeling of penetrating her pussy. She starts sliding her finger in and out.


Just the image of him makes her horny. She tries to imagine him undressing, but realizes she don't know what a dick actually looks like. 


She then smiles enjoying the thought that she can make anyone do anything she wants in a fantasy. She images Jeremy's girlfriend walking up to her. His girlfriend smirks and says, &ldquo;Suzy Cuzy&rdquo;. It's a nick name she gave her. Suzy smirks back, and smacks her across the face. His girlfriend then takes off crying.


&ldquo;I never knew how much a dork she was. Your cool. You wanna be my girlfriend&rdquo;, Jeremy asks Suzy. Suzy giggle and nods fast. They walk to they're next class holding hands.


She starts sliding her finger faster. Her finger is getting very wet. A cold chill goes up her back. Then her stomach clenches. She starts breathing heavier, and moaning quietly, &ldquo;Oh Jeremy&rdquo;. As she burst into a large orgasm. She sweating on her for head. It feels amazing. Her body then starts quivering all over. She can also feel water running down the sides of her pussy.


When she finishes she feels her bed. She left a wet area on her bed. She's embarrassed from it. She's never had that big of one before. She then starts wondering what happens when a boy has one.


She lays in bed, smiling. She puts her hands behind her head. Relaxing on her soft pillows. She likes pillow so her whole bed if covered, she also has a really thick comforter. That keeps her a cozy warm, at night. Her bedroom is painted light pink with posters of her favorite bands, and singers. 
Her bed has a night stand with a reading light. She keeps her diary locked up in it in a drawer. She turns off the light, pulls her comforter up. Then falls asleep.


The next morning she's woken up by her mom knocking on her door. &ldquo;Wake up hunny&rdquo;. She gets out of bed. Hopefully today Jeremy. Notices her.


She puts on a white t-shirt with a butterfly on it, and blue jean shorts. She grabs her book bag, then runs to school.


She puts her bag in her locker, and sees Jeremy talking to he's girlfriend. She feels a little ache in her stomach, but knows he never like her. She head to class, wanting to cry. Which she shares with him.


She sits at her desk, about ready to cry when Jeremy sits beside her. Her heart fills like it stop he usually sits with his girlfriend who sits on the other side of the room. He's rubbing the side of his face.


He nods at her, &ldquo;how you doing&rdquo;. She's shock speechless. Even though she want to scream, and do cartwheels across the room. She nervously waves, and quietly says, &ldquo;Hi&rdquo;. He laughs politely and says, &ldquo;Relax&rdquo;. She's so scared she thinks she's going to pee herself. She asks the teacher if she can go to the restroom, and leaves.


When she gets back. She about cries at what she sees. His girlfriend is in Suzy's desk talking to Jeremy. Just as she gets ready to pick up her books, and find another desk. She hears her say, &ldquo;Fine be that way I hope you and her are happy&rdquo;. She then slaps him again. The teacher stands up and says, &ldquo;Miss Ander. To the principle office&rdquo;.


Suzy sits down at her desk, her heart is about to burst out of her chest in excitement. Then she calms herself down. &ldquo;It's a million to one that its me she was talking about&rdquo;, she's thinking. Her hears him say, &ldquo;That's the second time she's done that&rdquo;. Then, she hears him say, &ldquo;Suzy&rdquo;, she's so scarred she don't look at him. She just nods and says, &ldquo;yeah&rdquo;, she chokes it out. &ldquo;Are you seeing anyone?&rdquo;, he asks. She doesn't want to answer thinking she misheard him.


Something slides on her desk. She looks down and sees his hand moving away. He left a note that says, &ldquo;Suzy&rdquo;, on it. She puts it out of site, and opens it. 


I just broke up with Allison. I told her there's another girl I like. It's you. Will you be my girlfriend, Yes, or No.
Jeremy.


She doesn't know what to say. She turns to him, and nervously nods, with a little smile on her face. He smiles and says, 'OK'. She's on cloud nine, her crush just asked her out. After class, he walks her to her next class, and is waiting for her outside when her classes are done. After school he even walks her home.


On the porch. They stand there looking into each others eyes. Finally he kisses her on her cheek, and says, &ldquo;Bye. See you tomorrow&rdquo;. Then leaves.


She runs inside, and throws her book bag in the corner then throws herself on her bed. Her mom knocks on her door. &ldquo;Come in&rdquo;, Suzy is to happy to care who it is. Her mom steps in. &ldquo;Well what happened at school to make you so happy&rdquo;, her mom asks. Suzy blushes, &ldquo;There's a boy at school that is cute. He asked me out today&rdquo;. Her mom covers her mouth in excitement, &ldquo;Oh that must be the boy at the door&rdquo;


Suzy says, &ldquo;What? He's here&rdquo; She goes threw her drawers looking for something. After she finds. A pink shirt with a white heart in the center, and a skirt with pink and with vertical strips on it. . She puts it on and goes to greet him.


&ldquo;Hey&rdquo;, he says when she opens the door, &ldquo;I wanted to visit some more&rdquo;. Suzy smiles embarrassed. He came back. She excited ,and asks if he wants to go the living room, but her mom says, &ldquo;won't you two go in your room&rdquo;. She's happy she gets to be alone with him.


They sit on her bed. Her mom shuts her door. Suzy's heart is racing. They're both speechless. Finally he says, &ldquo;Since we're alone&rdquo;. She get scared she knows something is up. &ldquo;Can I see your chest. She speechless, he's fast they just met. She doesn't know what to do. She gets an idea, &ldquo;Only if I get to see&rdquo;, she says, then points at his crouch. He nods which catches her by surprise. He unzips his jeans and pulls down his pants and underwear.


Everything seems to go slow She's staring at his actual dick. It's about five inches with a little strip of hair across the top. He smiles OK glad you like it now keep your end. She nods, then takes off her shirt.


&ldquo;Woe your hot&rdquo;, he says in shock at the sight of her naked chest. Her nipples are just mounds with what you can see are little nipples, and boobs that are just starting to form. He starts feeling his dick stroking it up and down easily, and slowly.


She then remembers her fantasy, she decides to see what it feels like in her. With out him asking she takes off her, shorts, and panties. His eyes get big seeing her nearly bare pussy is just has a little clump of hair at the top of her crack. She feels it. It's wet. She's having the best day of her life.


&ldquo;Jeremy. Will you stick that in me&rdquo;, she asks pointing at his dick. She lays down on her pillows, and spreading her legs apart. Reviling her pussy to him. He starts jacking off at the sight. &ldquo;Jeremy quit playing with yourself, and do it please&rdquo;, she demands, she has fantasized about this everyday since she first saw him.


He gets in between her legs, and feels her pussy with his dick. &ldquo;Suzy it's wet&rdquo;, he says curiously at her. She nods, and says, &ldquo;push it in&rdquo;. He starts pushing feeling it resist at first then he feels a pop and it goes in. The wetness around his dick makes him excited. She's speechless. Feeling his cock spreading her pussy apart. This is better than she's ever imagined. She's having little orgasms as he starts humping her.


&ldquo;Oh Jeremy&rdquo;, she says quietly so her parent don't hear. She pulls up her shirt, and starts feeling a little patch of hair he has on his chest. Her pussy is making a squishing sound as he humps her. She likes it, and feels excitement building up inside her as her body starts trembling from a large orgasm. He excited at what he's making her do. 


He starts humping harder and harder. She's loving every second. Her orgasm gets bigger and bigger. Her pussy is getting wetter, and wetter, &ldquo;Oh! Jeremy&rdquo;, she moans, as he pulls out. Cum starts landing on her stomach. She feels her pussy to finger herself. She's shock the tightness she felt when she would finger herself is gone. He lays down beside her. &ldquo;Suzy that was amazing&rdquo;, he tells her. She's speechless her crush just had sex with her.