So there I was, 15 miles from the battle field. I was in charge of delivering the ammo as I noticed I broke a nail. I panicked for a moment as I pulled over and pulled out the medical equipment. I had to make this fast, so I began to feel pressured. After 15 minutes of beating my meat, I grabbed the duck tape and fixed myself up. Worried I wouldn't make it in time, I hit the transform button on my jeep to turn it into a jet, but then realized that I was day dreaming about hitting that button. It turns out my jeep can't do that yet, so I roll a doobie to take off some pressure as I head back out toward the battle field. 

Suddenly I get a phone call from a clown wearing a diaper. &quot;What do you want!?&quot; I yell. He claims to be a magical dildo clown wearing a diaper and has the power to poof me to the battle field. I begin to wonder if he's telling the truth, so I pull over to a Taco Bell to decide weather I believe him or not and to get some food. As he continued to tell me how cute I was, I realized that this might be a prank call. Then he begins to have phone sex with me, and I decide to play along. After beating my meat again, I hang up and head back to the battle field. I could only imagine what would happen if I showed up late. I knew I was the only hope these men had. I decide to pull through the red light. 

Suddenly a monster with red and blue flashing eyes was following me, this can't be good I thought. I tried to escape into the jungle, but he had friends waiting in front of me, blocking the road. I pull up onto the curb and descend into the jungle where I end up crashing into a tree. I begin to get out and run as I hear them screaming behind me to stop. I pause for a moment to think this through. &quot;How could the monsters talk?&quot; I wondered, but figured they probably just used magic to get in my head and talk to my brain. This wasn't good, if they had that kind of magic, then there's a good chance that they knew I was heading to the battle field. Suddenly I stop, &quot;OMG, the ammo!&quot; I thought as I ran back to the jeep. I jump in and try to start it as I see the monsters getting closer, searching the area for me. I panic and roll another doobie with one hand as I start the engine. &quot;Yes!&quot; I thought as I began to pull back and onto the road. &quot;Looks like I lost them&quot; I say as I put my foot down. Very close to the battle field I run out of gas, &quot;Just my luck!&quot; I shout as I get out and kick the tire. 

Grabbing the ammo, I begin to run, hoping I'm not to late. Then I see something I wasn't expecting. It was Bowser on the bridge blocking me. I didn't have a magic flower, so I knew I had to get around him some how and use the axe to cut the bridges cables. This wasn't going to be easy, so I began to grunt for 3 episodes as my hair began to turn gold and stood up. I now had the power to kick ass. &quot;Fuck the axe!&quot; I thought. I could easily do this in an epic battle. I run towards him with all my might, and then lunge into the air. My pants bust open as my cock flies out. I begin to shout as a giant beam of light comes from my penis, blinding the battle. 

Moments later I begin to see again, as I look upon the wreckage. Bowser was dead and the bridge was giving out. I began to run for it, but become tired and weak from that shot of energy. My hair falls back down, framing my perfect face and turning back to its original color. I wasn't going to make it to the other side in time, all was doomed. When suddenly a pink tiger runs up beside me. &quot;Jump on!&quot; he says in a loud voice. I didn't have time to ask questions, so I do as he says. I mount him and hold tight as he bursts into the air. 

&quot;You can fly!&quot; I ask, stunned with confusion. He laughs and tells me to hold on as he makes his way to the end of the bridge. He lands and stops, &quot;You must go on by yourself&quot; He says. I give a serious nod and turn to find a mushroom man claiming that the princess was in another castle. I didn't have time to worry about her, my men were on the battle field about to die. Then he mentions that she is waiting with  legs wide open for me. I have to make a decision, I've come to far to let my men fall, but I wanted to slam that princess into next Tuesday. 

I then realize something, Tuesday is trash night, and I don't feel like taking the trash out, so I turn away with tears in my eyes and run towards the battle field. Suddenly, the mushroom man grabs my leg, &quot;You must save the princess!&quot; he squeals. Pissed off that he is interrupting my quest, I eat him. &quot;OMG, what's happening&quot; I think as the road begins to lift and turn colors. &quot;This can't be real&quot; I thought for a moment, but I couldn't make heads or tails of it. It must have been that mushroom man, so I decide I have to get him out of me. I begin to fap hard and fast, trying to cum him out. It wasn't working, I couldn't get off! I had to continue on with these weird delusions. After all, I'm only moments away from the battle field. I run as my image begins to blur. &quot;I have to make it!&quot; I scream. I suddenly see a taxi, just what I need. I shout to the cab drive to pull over, he looks at me running at him and freaks out. Scared by aggression, he turns into a hippo, but not any hippo. He turns into Hippotumustivilusious. &quot;OMG&quot; I squeal as I begin to run. He follows quickly as I begin to see the battle field. &quot;I'm almost there&quot; I cry out. I know I can make it, but even if I do, Hippotumustivilusious will crush me. I needed help, so I pull out a summon meteria from my ass. Yes, my ass. I kept it there to keep it hidden from the Nazi invasion. Could you imagine what a Nazi could do with it!? Anyways I tried to use it, but I was short by 5mp. So I used an elixir. Now it was his turn to make a move. He used fire attack! I dropped by 50hp. Now it's my turn again. I only have one chance! I jump up into the air, holding the summon meteria in my hand and yell into the sky &quot;!mead&quot; then suddenly heavy metal music starts playing as the barkeep reaches for the mead, then Thor and Odin descend down from Valhalla as the barkeep hands me the mug. Thor and Odin look sharply at the barkeep and then the barkeep grows really long hair and becomes a metal head. Shortly there after he hands out mugs of mead to every one. 

After hanging out for a bit Thor and Odin ascend back to Valhalla... I don't know how that helped any, or why I had that meteria, but it was kinda funny. Anyways, the Hippo got drunk to my surprise. Taking this opportunity, I begin to run to the battle field. Bullets zip past me as the enemy tries to take me down. I quickly take cover looking around for my comrades and hoping I wasn't to late. There I find them, hiding in a trench. I make a desperate run as I feel bullets tear into me. &quot;I must continue!&quot; I think, as I run to the trench. Another one hits me as I fall in. Tears fill my eyes as I smile and the ammo falls to my allies feet. In my final breath, I strain to say &quot;I made it.&quot; then fall face into the ground. Then one of my allies approaches me. I look up, tired and in pain as my final moment approaches. I look into his eyes, and hear these words muffled by the sound of gun shots &quot;You take paint ball to serious.&quot;