Danielle's Piercing
It had all gone according to plan, so far. Danielle had managed to sneak out of her all-girls Catholic High School during lunch. Knowing she would be conspicuous in her school uniform, the sixteen year old had stuck to side streets and hoped no one would notice her telltale plaid skirt and studious white button down shirt. She arrived without incident at Frank's Tattoo and Piercing Parlor. 
And now Danielle shivered as she waited in the flimsy hospital gown. She was alone in a brightly lit room that had a single piece of furniture: a large examining table with two metallic stirrups extending from one end. There was also a small stand nearby that housed a variety of glinting metal objects she didn't recognize. It was like she was at the doctor's office. 
But she wasn't. Danielle glimpsed the burly, tattooed man from the other room as he tidied up the front service counter. Danielle has always liked her ears being pierced but when she wanted to pierce other things, her dad had steadfastly refused. She had pleaded several times to get her nose pierced, but it was out of the question for her dad, a strict Catholic. Her tongue and belly button were also vetoed as a possible candidates. When Danielle requested her upper ear, her dad had turned down that simple request as well. 
Danielle was a very pretty girl. Her long, honey brown hair was always perfectly coiffed and her slim tummy but curvy body always drew her envious looks at school. Danielle prided herself on appearing attractive but she always wanted more. That's when the thought of having her clit hood pierced first entered her mind. 
Danielle knew of course then that having her clit hood pierced would have blown father's top off. She didn't even ask him. The problem was that most piercing establishments required minors to have parental consent for any piercing or tattoo work. Unfortunately, Danielle was only sixteen. It had taken a lot of searching but she finally found a place that would waive the parental consent requirement. 
The man behind the counter, Frank, hadn't been terribly receptive of breaking the law for her, but he consented after Danielle offered to pay twice the regular price, up front in cash. After she paid him, he instructed her to go to the back changing room and handed her a paper hospital gown. Danielle thought it was odd that he wanted her to be completely naked for the piercing, but she didn't argue since she didn't want him to change his mind. 
&quot;All right, sweetheart,&quot; Frank said, entering the room. &quot;Let's get this show on the road before we get caught, huh?&quot; He went to a sink and started washing his hands. He called over his shoulder to her, &quot;Why don't you get on the table and put your feet in the stirrups?&quot; &quot;Okay,&quot; Danielle said. Her stomach fluttered in nervous anticipation as she climbed onto the table. The teenager hadn't counted on the discomfort of being exposed before a stranger. She shivered again as her feet slipped into the cold stirrups. &quot;Oh well,&quot; she thought to herself, staring up at the bright light fixture on the ceiling, &quot;it'll be worth it to get my hood pierced.&quot; Danielle knew she would be the envy of the shower room at her all-girls Catholic school. The girls at school were all starting to rebel against the years of repression. Piercing body parts was the latest fad. &quot;Okay, kid,&quot; Frank said, wiping his hands off on a towel, &quot;you'll have to take off the
      	
Danielle blinked. &quot;The entire gown?&quot; she asked. 
Frank nodded. &quot;The entire gown, kid,&quot; he repeated. &quot;We're breaking enough rules today as it is. Whole gown has to come off for any piercing below the neck.&quot; 
Danielle hesitated only a second before reaching underneath to undo the knot that held the gown shut behind her. She pulled the paper gown off and handed it to Frank, who tossed it on the floor. Resisting the urge to cover herself, the sixteen year old kept her hands at her sides. Her tummy was perfectly flat, her pure porcelain skin almost glowing as her long limbs lay on the table. She had the flawless breasts of a teenager, completely firm with no sagging, crowned by a small brown aureole with a pointed nipple. Her firm, apple-sized breasts betrayed her age by jutting straight from her chest, even as she lay back on the table. She felt her nipples harden from exposure to the cool air. 
&quot;You not shaved,&quot; Frank observed. 
&quot;Ummm, no,&quot; Danielle said anxiously. &quot;Is that a problem?&quot; 
&quot;The hair usually gets in the way,&quot; Frank told. &quot;I'm gonna have to shave it off, okay?&quot; 
&quot;Well... okay,&quot; Danielle agreed reluctantly. A shaved crotch would probably even get her more attention in the shower room, she decided. It would make her stand out even more, raising the jealousy level higher. She watched Frank as he got the shaving equipment ready. He was a massive man with very large arms and shoulders. He wore only a tank top that revealed the numerous tattoos adorning his arms and back. He was by no means attractive and Danielle wondered if that made her more or less comfortable that he would be the one to pierce her clit hood. 
&quot;Okay, this'll only take a second,&quot; Frank muttered as he approached her with the clippers. Danielle flinched slightly as he ran his fingers through her pubic hair. 
&quot;Hold on, there,&quot; he said. &quot;I can't have you jerking about when I'm working.&quot; So saying, he reached underneath the table and produced two seatbelt-like straps that were attached to either side of the table. He snapped the straps closed and adjusted them until they were firmly tightened against her flat abdomen. Danielle thought that was all he was going to do until she felt a strap tighten around her ankle as it rested in the stirrup 
&quot;Wait, is that really... necessary?&quot; she asked apprehensively. 
Frank nodded as he secured her other ankle. &quot;I don't want to get kicked in the head if you get antsy, kid.&quot; Danielle felt very unsure about the whole procedure now. She felt very vulnerable and exposed as she lay naked before this man. She felt him run his hands through her pubic hair again but she was completely immobilized this time. The teenager wanted to protest again but she heard the buzz of the clipper fill the room as Frank began to trim her pubic hair. She looked down and saw him lean in very close to her crotch until all she could see was the top of his bald head. To her relief,
      	
&quot;All right,&quot; Frank said, cleaning her off with a brush. &quot;Let's get the shaving cream ready...&quot; 

&quot;Shaving cream?&quot; Danielle repeated, taken aback. 
&quot;Yeah, I'm gonna do a close shave job. You don't want it to look all scraggly, do you kid?&quot; 
&quot;I guess not...&quot; 
Danielle felt him spread the lather on her upper crotch before moving lower to the sides of her labia. This time she felt him brush against her clit several times before running a finger between her lips, caressing from her clit to her vagina. The sixteen year old blushed in embarrassment from the intimate contact. Soon though, she felt the razor blade sliding smoothly across her lathered nether region. When he finished, he wiped a warm, dampened washcloth across her pubic area. Danielle felt the strange sensation of the washcloth against her now bare skin. It felt very different. 
&quot;Can I see what it looks like?&quot; Danielle asked shyly. 
&quot;Sure thing,&quot; Frank said. He reached above the table and swung down a mirror that attached to the ceiling by a swiveling arm. &quot;Some of our customers like to watch the piercing process,&quot; he explained as he adjusted the mirror into place above her. Danielle watched the mirror as he moved it into position. In the reflection, she saw her crotch, completely hairless. Like a ten year old, she mused to herself. Her vaginal lips were arranged as if by an artist, resembling the petals of a flower as it closed around her inner labia. 
&quot;Looks nice, doesn't it?&quot; Frank smiled at her, revealing his crooked teeth. Danielle tried to smile back at the ugly man. All she could do was nod though. 
&quot;Okay, kid,&quot; Frank said, &quot;so you want your hood pierced. That's no problem. I have to warn you though that I'm going to need to get your clit erect and popped out of the hood before I can pierce anything.&quot; 
&quot;Um, okay.&quot; 
&quot;And that means I'll have to touch you for a little bit,&quot; Frank told her. 
&quot;Oh, all right...&quot; Danielle said reluctantly. She watched his hand approach her pubic area in the mirror. &quot;Wait,&quot; she interrupted, &quot;shouldn't you be wearing gloves or something?&quot; 
&quot;Oh yeah,&quot; Frank mumbled. He rummaged through a drawer in the tableside stand. &quot;Uh oh,&quot; he said. &quot;Looks like I'm out of rubber gloves.&quot; 
&quot;Oh,&quot; Danielle said, uncertain. 
&quot;Do you want to come back tomorrow or should I just touch you without the gloves?&quot; Frank asked her, shutting the drawer. 
&quot;Well... I guess it's okay if you don't use gloves...&quot; Danielle said. 
Frank nodded. Danielle flinched as he made direct contact with her clit, not accidentally this time. He must have been using some lubricant because his thumb glided smoothly over her hidden clit. In the mirror, Danielle watched as his thumb moved in slow circles around her clit. Despite the simulation, the sixteen year old was too uncomfortable to respond. She didn't like being touched by this burly, tattooed man. 
She watched in the mirror as he moved his other hand to her crotch. She felt a finger separate her lips again and run between them, pausing at the entrance to her vagina. The sixteen year old was still completely dry. 
&quot;It's okay,&quot; Frank told her. &quot;I've got something to help.&quot; He pulled a baton shaped object from the stand. Danielle blushed as she saw it. She knew what it was before he even switched it on. She had seen pictures of vibrators before but she had never seen one in real life. A low and gentle hum filled the room as Frank switched on the sex toy. 
Danielle sucked in her breath as the buzzing vibrator touched her clit. The sensation was too powerful and the teenager bucked, trying to move away from the simulation. The straps around her waist and ankles held her tight however. 
&quot;Please,&quot; Danielle said, &quot;it's too much... it tickles...&quot; 
Frank ignored her. He pressed the vibrator harder against her clit. Danielle squirmed on the table but it was no use. The vibrator stopped tickling now but even worse it was indeed turning her on. Embarrassed, Danielle felt little tremors run up her spine. She stopped squirming and lay silent. She tried to concentrate on getting the piercing. &quot;The hood piercing, the hood piercing,&quot; she thought to herself. &quot;This is all for the piercing.&quot; 
The vibrator was definitely working now for the sixteen year old felt herself start to lubricate. Her clit felt hard and swollen against the vibrator as it buzzed against her. Danielle felt a flush start to rise across her chest. 
&quot;Um, I think... I think that's enough now,&quot; Danielle told Frank. 
He looked at her, his face blank. &quot;Not yet, kid, not yet. I'll tell you when.&quot; Danielle watched in the mirror as he hand moved again to her vaginal lips. A lone finger parted her labia and this time she felt her own lubrication wet against his finger. She swallowed hard. Staring up at the ceiling, she tried to ignore the man's touch against her exposed private area. 
The vibrator was exciting her more and more though, making it impossible to ignore anything. Her clit felt supercharged with energy as it pumped pleasure signals to her brain. Looking at the mirror, she saw Frank's finger was shiny with her juices as he rubbed along her nether region. She watched as he removed the vibrator from her clit, replacing it with his thumb. Her engorged clit was clearly visible as Frank's thumb massaged the swollen tissue. Despite her discomfort, Danielle felt very sexually stimulated now. 
&quot;Um, I really... think that's enough now...&quot; she said haltingly. 
Frank ignored her. She watched in the mirror as he moved the vibrator to the entrance of her vagina. He pressed gently. She felt an inch of it slip inside her. 
&quot;What are you doing?&quot; she said, alarmed. She felt him push more it inside her. &quot;Stop that! Please...&quot; Danielle squirmed on the table but the restraints held her tight. 
&quot;Cool it, kid,&quot; Frank said, not looking at her. &quot;You want that hood piercing or not?&quot; 
Danielle bit her lip as the vibrator slipped deeper inside her. The humming sex toy felt incredible as it penetrated her vagina. She felt her muscles involuntarily contract around the hard plastic. Frank's thumb continued to fondle her clit, bringing her ever higher and higher. Danielle stifled a moan as the vibrator hit a sensitive spot inside her vagina, making her clench it tightly. Her back arched slightly on the table as the pleasure built inside her. 
Watching the mirror, she saw Frank moving the vibrator in and out of her vagina. &quot;Fucking me,&quot; she thought. &quot;Fucking me with the vibrator...&quot; Despite her mounting pleasure, she felt all this was wrong. 
&quot;Please, stop,&quot; she told him. &quot;I think it's enough. I'm really... turned on now... I think my hood is ready...&quot; 
Frank only responded by rubbing her clit harder. Danielle moaned, openly and loudly this time. She couldn't help herself anymore. 
&quot;Please,&quot; she begged, &quot;I'm going to have an... orgasm... soon...&quot; 
To her relief, Frank pulled the vibrator from her dripping wet vagina. However, he didn't stop stroking her clit and that was still pushing her close to the edge. 
&quot;It's okay...&quot; she pleaded. &quot;You can stop touching me now.&quot; To her horror, she saw his free hand move to the zipper of his jeans. Aghast, Danielle watched as he pulled his hard penis out. It jutted from his zipper, erect, its tip an angry shade of red. 
&quot;What are you doing?&quot; Danielle whispered. Frank didn't answer. Instead he moved his hips closer to her body. &quot;No, don't!&quot; Danielle screamed as she felt him press against her. His warm penis felt very different from the cold plastic of the vibrator. She felt him press against the entrance to her vagina. 
&quot;Don't!&quot; Danielle screamed again. But it was no use. He thrust hard into her with one smooth stroke. Her well-lubricated vagina opened easily to his invading penis. Danielle still struggled against her restraints, trying to free herself but it was futile. The man began to fuck her teenage pussy. 
Danielle sobbed as he pummeled in and out of her. Despite her tears, the supercharged teenager was still very turned on. His penis was hitting the sensitive spot that the vibrator had tickled before. Mortified, the sixteen year old felt herself on the brink of an orgasm. 
&quot;Please,&quot; she said, her eyes tightly shut as tears rolled down her cheeks. &quot;I don't want to... don't make me... come... pleea-ohhh... ohhh...&quot; The helpless teenager succumbed to the orgasm as it swept through her body. Frank's thumb on her swollen clit pushed her even farther as her muscles contracted around his hard penis. 
&quot;Yeah, sweetheart, that's right...&quot; Frank said, grunting, &quot;milk my cock with your pussy.. oh yeah...&quot; Danielle felt embarrassed yet turned on by his words as her vagina clamped down hard on the penis inside her. Her back arched as best it could while the waist strap restrained her movement

God, oh God, ohhh...&quot; Danielle writhed and whimpered as her orgasm washed over every inch of her body. Her hands balled up at her sides as her eyes clenched shut in ecstasy. Finally, the sixteen year old began to calm down as the tingling pulsations ebbed away. Danielle opened her eyes and blearily focused on Frank who was still embedded in her tight vagina. 

&quot;That felt really good, kid,&quot; Frank told her, making her cheeks burn red. &quot;Now it's my turn...&quot; His hard penis began to pump quickly inside her. Alarmed, Danielle realized what he was going to do. 
&quot;Ahh, no... no... please don't, oh, oh...&quot; Danielle pleaded as best she could as his hard penis pounded into her sensitive vagina. But it was already too late. Frank plunged his penis into her deeply and grunted. The teenager felt the his penis throb, buried inside her. 
&quot;No...&quot; she whispered. Danielle gasped in shock as she felt the first spurt of his hot semen inside her. Frank moaned again, accompanied by another throb of his penis and soon another spray of his semen joined the first. And then another. Danielle lost count. It felt like the tattoo artist was ejaculating quarts and quarts of his hot fluid into her teenage vagina. Finally his penis stopped throbbing. 
&quot;Oh man,&quot; Frank muttered as he stepped from the spent teenager, withdrawing his softening penis. The very second his manhood pulled out of her, Danielle felt a trickle of fluid drip from her vagina. Humiliated, she tensed her muscles to try to hold it inside but it was no use. A waterfall of his semen came streaming from her well-used vagina, dripping past her anus before collecting in a growing puddle on the table. 
&quot;Why... why did you do that?&quot; Danielle asked quietly, tears rolling down her cheeks. 
&quot;Well, kid, you had an orgasm,&quot; Frank told her. &quot;I only needed to get you stimulated, so once you had an orgasm I couldn't do the piercing. So I just thought I'd have some fun.&quot; 
&quot;But I didn't want you to do that.&quot; 
Frank shrugged at her. &quot;If you didn't like me touching you, why did you have an orgasm.&quot; 
Danielle was at a loss to explain herself. She felt that she had been wronged. As she reflected, Frank undid the restraints around her waist and ankles. 
&quot;Well, it's too late to get your hood pierced now,&quot; he told her. &quot;I have some appointments coming in this afternoon. Can you come back tomorrow?&quot; 
Danielle removed her feet from the stirrups and dismounted from the table. Picking up the paper gown from the floor, she hid herself behind it. &quot;I think I just want my money back please,&quot; she said in a quiet voice. 
Frank shrugged again. He headed to the front room and returned with some bills in his hand. &quot;All right,&quot; he said, &quot;here's the money you paid me up front. On top of that, here's an extra fifty for your trouble.&quot; He placed the pile of bills on the table and headed for the front room. &quot;You can just leave through the back door,&quot; he said to her over his shoulder. And then he closed the door, leaving her alone. 
Danielle got dressed, taking care to wipe the sticky mess running down her leg with a kleenex. She put on her pleated plaid skirt and quickly buttoned her white dress shirt. As she pulled her tights on, she eyed the money on the table before her. She counted out what she had paid, leaving the fifty dollar bill on the table. &quot;It's like he thinks I'm some sort of prostitute,&quot; the sixteen year old thought to herself. The notion was insulting to her. Did he think she did this sort of thing every day? She picked up her purse. Still, she thought, fifty dollars was a lot of money. Da ielle pocketed the fifty dollar bill and left.