Kissy -- that was our nickname for our daughter --
stumbled down to the breakfast table, rubbing sleep from her
eyes and clutching her favorite bear. She had a nightdress
on but was barefoot. My dad and my wife -- who was also
dad's sister (hence also my aunt) -- both looked up from
their French toast as she came in.

&quot;Morning, honey,&quot; her mother said warming, motioning
her over for a kiss.

&quot;Don't forget your granddad,&quot; my father said. The girl
hurried over to him and threw her arms up. A month shy of
her eighth birthday, the girl had to stand up on her tippy
toes to reach around his neck. Dad is a tall drink of water,
about six foot three and thin as a rail. He bent down in his
chair and hugged her tightly.

&quot;Careful, dear,&quot; my wife warned him, &quot;she's in a
delicate condition now.&quot;

Dad released and held her at arms length to look at
her.

The girl's swollen belly pushed out her dress in an
almost comical fashion. Normally the kid is a tangle of
bones, she's so skinny, but now in her ninth month most of
her jutted out in front when she walked -- or should I say
waddled. Her pregnancy had been timed so she'd deliver on
her eighth birthday (we'd begun a course of fertility drugs
on her seventh birthday, calculating correctly that it would
take three months for their influence to take hold on her
young physiology). The girl's granddad, and the baby's
father, turned her in my direction.

&quot;Give your dad a kiss too, baby.&quot;

I pulled her close to me and hugged her, being careful
of her belly. I reached around and caressed her bony little
bottom, lifting her dress. She had on little white cotton
panties, stretched and hanging loosely off her hips.

&quot;Dear, don't come down to breakfast with your panties
on!&quot; her mother reprimanded her. &quot;Here, let me take them
off.&quot;

I raised the girl's dress high and my wife reached out
and pulled the girl's panties down around her feet. Kissy
kicked them away. I took the opportunity to run my hand over
her belly, so tight and round. This child already had one of
her own on the way, years before she would even get tits. I
kissed her, slipping my hand between her legs and onto her
pussy. Bare and puffy and smooth, her pussy had changed very
little with the pregnancy. Now her belly was so big you had
to go looking for it, but there it was, a sweet puffy baby
cleft tucked up underneath. It was easier to get to from
behind than in front actually. Granddad and my wife cleared
off the table as I fondled my daughter, ripe with my dad's
seed.

My own cock rose and poked out through my robe.

&quot;Why don't you two go play while we clean up?&quot; my dad
suggested.

&quot;Oh, honey!&quot; my wife objected, &quot;the girl hasn't had any
breakfast yet. They can play after she's eaten.&quot;

&quot;I'm not hungry, Mom, really,&quot; the girl responded,
taking my hand and pulling me out of my chair.

&quot;Let them go,&quot; dad said, giving his sister's ass a
slap, &quot;we'll be up later.&quot;

Hand and hand, Kissy and I we went upstairs to the
bedroom.

When we got into the bedroom, I pulled the dress off
her and lifted her up onto the bed. She laid back and opened
her legs for me. We'd discovered this was the best position,
now she was so big. She was still to small to do doggie
comfortably, but we expected that by the time she was twelve
or thirteen, she'd be big enough to get on her hands and
knees while she was pregnant and get a good fuck that way
(Kissy had told us repeatedly that she wanted to have three
kids by the time she was a teenager, one by her granddad,
one by me, and one by her brother).

I looked down at her on the bed, smiling up at me. Her
huge belly, now only a few weeks before she delivered,
dwarfed the rest of her body. I threw off my robe and knelt
down next to the bed. Pushing her legs apart and back, I
gazed at her darling little baby pussy. She was growing up
fast, much too fast, and all too soon she'd be a grown up
woman, with a grown up pussy like her mother's. Kissy had
promised us we'd never have to do without baby pussy as long
as she was able to breed more.

I pushed my head between her legs and gave that pussy a
long wet kiss. She wriggled around under my tongue. She
tried to put her hands on my head, but her belly was too big
for her to reach around.

I stood, my cock in a rage of lust, and gathered myself
between her scrawny legs. I rubbed the head of my cock along
her slit, delighting in the streak of wetness I left there.
Soon this small narrow channel (well, not so narrow after
all the fucking she'd had) would be hugely stretched as
another baby girl came into the world.

But now, it was only my cock that would stretch her.
The slick pink of her cleft pushed open, hungry for its
daddy's cock again. Gripping my cock firmly, I leaned over
her and pushed in, sliding it in one long continuous thrust
up through her baby birth canal right to her bulging womb.

&quot;Oh!&quot; my darling cried out as her vaginal tube clutched
at me. &quot;Yes, Daddy, yes!&quot;

Before she'd gotten pregnant, I'd watched her belly
bulge slightly as I fucked her, my cock big enough in her
small frame to push everything else aside. Her mother loved
to place her hand on the girl's belly and feel my cock
thrusting under it, inside her baby. Lately though, we'd had
the pleasure of feeling our granddaughter/step-daughter
kicking inside our girl, my wife feeling the baby under her
hand on the girl's belly, I feeling it against the end of my
cock.

There was a rustle behind me and my wife and dad came
in. I turned to see them both naked, and flushed from a
kitchen fuck. (My wife was still young enough to have more
kids, so perhaps brother and sister were going to make their
own addition to the family.)

I turned back to my business, thrusting slowly in and
out in my baby's tight cunt, penetrating further and further
up the birth canal, until I reached her very womb and could
feel my cock bumping up against the fetus inside.

Then I felt fingers on me, fondling my balls from
behind, pulling the ass cheeks apart, rubbing my shit hole.
My wife. Then a wet trembling mouth and fierce tongue
licking at me, wetting my hole, pushing in, opening me up. A
finger then, thrust up into me, then two. I heard slurping
and sucking sounds, guessed that she was sucking off her
brother, excited by the spectacle of me fucking a seven year
old girl, ripe with his own seed, ready to drop any time.

And then a strong masculine presence pressed against
me, encircling me in his arms. The jab of a long, thin rigid
cock. I bent over further, thrust back against it. My dad's
cock found its target, or rather the target found it's
arrow. With one powerful assured thrust his cock penetrated
me and rammed deep into my entrails. God! It had been a long
time since I'd felt him inside me. He'd fucked me less and
less after I turned twenty, his penchant being for young
boys. He'd given me my first fuck at five, and been inside
me thousands of times since, but the last time was years
ago. I had missed that so much, and here he was again, hard
as iron for his boy. He held my hips tightly, his head over
my shoulder, looking down at his granddaughter, swollen with
his own child, his son thrusting again and again into her
baby cunt.

My belly bounced against hers, my balls slapped her
ass, syncopated by the slap of my dad's balls against mine.
I felt my dad's cock throb inside me, my cock responded in
kind, and both of us shot cum deep into our respective
lovers. I shuddered under the double pleasure, my cock in my
baby daughter, my ass full with my dad's, and cried out in
pleasure, deaf and blind to all else around me.