Joanna at the Adult Bookstore
Joanna wound her way along the darkened streets as she ran home, her
heart pounding and lungs burning from the exertion. The rubber soles of
her sneakers slapped against the shiny pavement, wet and damp from a sudden
downpour. A few drops were still falling now. The young girl was grateful
for the raindrops that had dampened her hair and shirt. With any luck, she
could tell her mom that the wet spots on her shirt were merely rainfall.

&quot;It's just rain, Mom,&quot; she rehearsed in her head. The eleven year old
girl blushed as she wondered what her mom would say if her daughter said,
&quot;It's just semen, Mom.&quot;

The preteen girl slowed her pace, allowing herself to catch her breath.
For the umpteenth time, she wiped her hands down the front of her shirt,
making sure that no telltale drops of white fluid were still dripping down
her t-shirt. Her hair was another matter. When she had run her hand
through her long brown hair before, it came away sticky and slimy with
strand after strand of semen that had been shot onto her tresses. When
Joanna touched her hair now, it was still sticky but she found it covered
with a dry, crusty material.

Joanna's mind replayed the events of the evening. She remembered going
to Mary Ann's house to swim in her pool after school. How long ago that
seemed? Joanna couldn't even begin to name all the things that had
happened since...
      	
The majority of the afternoon had been spent at Mary Ann's house,
splashing in the indoor pool at her grandparents' home. Joanna tried to
leave her friend Mary Ann's house early, but even then she found herself
several minutes late as she walked home. Wanting to avoid her mother's
wrath for being late for dinner, she took a shortcut through an alley.

The young girl never told her mom about the alley shortcut of course. 
Joanna knew it was safe since it was always well-lit. Her mother would
have objected however because the alley ran behind several adult
bookstores. Joanna usually paid no attention to them but tonight she
noticed that one of the alley doors was propped open. Being a naturally
curious eleven year old, Joanna couldn't resist the urge to peek into the
store.

She had approached the door cautiously just in case one of the store
employees would return. But as she came closer it was clear no one was
near the door. Peeking around the corner, Joanna saw a room with wall
shelves full of video boxes, just like a regular video store. She felt a
twinge of excitement as her eyes focused on the pictures on the boxes. 
Most were of naked women with large breasts but a few video boxes here and
there had a picture of a penis.

Joanna was enticed by the naughtiness of it all. Her knees began
shaking in nervousness as she peered into the bookstore. Holding her
breath, she stepped just past the threshold so she could get a better look
inside. This back room with videos led into the main front room where she
could hear the clerk talking on the phone. On the floor near the door, she
saw a plastic bag of garbage. &quot;He must have been taking the trash out,&quot;
Joanne thought, &quot;and then the phone rang so he just left the door propped
open.&quot;

Since the man's conversation didn't show any signs of ending soon,
Joanna took another cautious step into the store. To her right she saw a
rickety set of wooden stairs leading up. She wondered what was up there.
She listened for a moment but heard no sounds coming from upstairs. In the
center of the room was a kiosk full of magazines. Joanna noticed that
unlike the Penthouses or Playgirls she and her friends giggled at when at
normal bookstores, these adult magazines were not shrink-wrapped in plastic
at all.

Out of the blue, instinct gripped Joanna's mind. As if moving out of
her own volition, Joanna boldly stepped forward and grabbed a magazine from
the kiosk. Without even looking at the cover or title, the eleven year old
quietly crept backwards. Suddenly, she heard voices in the alley. Joanna
panicked as her heart rate shot up. She was trapped, a young girl who
obviously didn't belong in the adult bookstore..

Frantically, she looked around the room. Her eyes fell on the wooden
steps that led to the second floor. Decisively, she scampered up the
stairs, clutching the magazine to her chest and careful not to make any
noise on the creaky stairs. When she reached the last step, Joanna found
herself at the end of a long and dimly lit hallway. Oddly, though, the
hall didn't lead anywhere except there were several red doors on either
side.

&quot;It looks like that one hallway from the Matrix Reloaded,&quot; Joanna
thought to herself. &quot;A single hallway filled with doors...&quot; Except these
doors were not completely shut. Joanna slowly opened the one nearest to
her and peeked inside. It was dark in there but her eyes slowly adjusted
and she realized it was just a tiny booth of some sort. Almost like a
bathroom except she didn't see a toilet or anything, just a vinyl covered
bench built into the wall.

Suddenly she heard more voices again coming from downstairs. The voices
sounded close, like they were directly in the room beneath her. Joanna
slipped inside the booth and shut the door, completely sealing herself in
darkness. Her heart still racing, she listened as the voices spoke. It
didn't sound like they were coming upstairs though.

Breathing a sigh of relief, Joanna realized she was still clutching the
magazine she had taken from downstairs. But it was too dark in the booth
to look at it now. She felt along the wall for a light switch. A dim bulb
lit the booth as her fingers found the switch next to the door.

Joanna could see the booth much more clearly now. The booth was tiny,
no bigger than a closet. Across from the vinyl bench there was a screen
built into the wall. Below it there were coin slots. Maybe this was a
booth to play video games in, Joanna thought to herself. Indeed, there was
a panel on the wall that had buttons on it. She sat down on the vinyl
bench. Next to her was a box of Kleenex. On the floor there was a
wastebasket that was halfway filled with used tissues. Gross, she thought
to herself. Maybe someone had a cold.

But now that she had a moment of privacy, Joanna willed herself to
relax. She took a deep breath and studied the glossy magazine cover. She
read the title slowly: &quot;Club International: Best Hardcore Edition&quot;. The
cover had a pretty blond woman who was completely naked, smiling at the
camera. Nervously casting an eye at the closed door, Joanna opened up to a
random page.

The sight that greeted her took her breath away. The eleven year old
had turned to a full page spread of a man and a woman. Both were naked and
the man reclined on a couch as the woman knelt before him. Joanna's eyes
zoomed in on the man's crotch and her eyes feasted hungrily on his hard
male organ. The woman held his penis in her hand and her mouth was open,
positioned to put the massive tool she held into her mouth

Joanna was fascinated by what she saw, momentarily forgetting her
anxiety about hiding in an adult bookstore. She knew what sex was and she
had read about male sexual organs in books but she had never seen an actual
picture on one. And the woman was about to suck his penis with her mouth!
Joanna had heard plenty of talk on the playground about such acts but she
always wondered why anyone would want to do it.

She turned the page. This time there was a picture of the same man and
woman but they had shifted positions. The woman was on all fours on the
couch as she presented her rear end to the man who pointed his penis at
her. Joanna once again zeroed in on the erect penis. The young girl was
mesmerized by it, the way it jutted from his muscular body, the way the
little blue veins were clearly visible. The woman's crotch was clearly on
display as well. Joanna studied the dark hair of her pubic area and the
pink insides of her labia. The man's erect penis was pointed directly at
her vagina, like they were about to have sex. The mere thought of it made
Joanna feel funny, like she did when the doctor examined her.

Joanna leaned back in the vinyl booth and turned the another page. This
time it was a different man and woman in a different position. The young
girl noticed immediately that this man's penis was different from the first
in that it was a different size and color. The woman was different as well
for she had no hair at all between her legs. &quot;She looks like I do,&quot; Joanna
thought to herself.

The couple were arranged in a funny position too. The man lay on his
back as the woman straddled him, facing the camera with her legs spread. 
Again, his penis was positioned so that it was ready to be inserted into
her shiny vagina. Joanna swallowed hard. Her heart was still beating
rapidly and she felt oddly flushed. And even stranger, the eleven year old
felt a strange sensation between her own legs, like she was peeing her
pants. Her curiosity about the magazine overwhelmed her however. Joanna
decided she wanted to see some actual sexual intercourse. Her trembling
fingers turned to the next page.

Joanna was slightly disappointed to see the same couple arranged in yet
another position, this time with the woman on her back. Hurriedly, she
flipped through more pages of the magazine but she only found more pictures
of couples in various positions. The nakedness and naughtiness of it all
were still enticing but she wanted to see some actual intercourse.

She flipped by the pictures again, taking time to pause and study the
different men in the pictures. The woman were all different too, with
different size breasts and shaved and unshaved pubic areas. Joanna felt
the another rush of excitement and warm tingling. She felt so naughty
looking at this dirty magazine.

She flipped through some more pages before an image caught her eye. It
was a picture of a naked woman with two men who had shirts on but their
pants were around their ankles. The woman held an erect penis in each hand
as she smiled at the camera. Joanna was stunned. In school, they taught
that sex was only between one man and one woman. But here was this woman,
with two partially naked men. &quot;What is she going to do with two?&quot; Joanna
wondered. She turned the page to find out.

Many things could be done with two men, Joanna found out. The next
pictures showed the three adults in various poses. In one, the woman had
her tongue extended to lick one penis while her hand still held the other.
In another picture, the woman bent over to presumably put one penis in her
vagina while she took the other in her mouth.

Joanna was spellbound by the sexual imagery before her. She had never
imagined two men with one woman. The concept was mind-boggling to the
eleven year old. Just thinking about it made the tingling between her legs
more intense. Joanna noticed that it felt wet down there again. Idly, she
wondered if there was something wrong with her.

All such questions were dashed when Joanna heard footsteps coming up the
stairs. Joanna froze. From the heavy clumping sounds of the footsteps,
she knew it was undoubtedly a man. She held her breath as the man walked
by her booth. He didn't pause however and continued on. She heard him
enter another booth and slam the door shut. Joanna was relieved.

She listened as the man settled into the booth. Then she heard the
unmistakable clink of a quarter being put into the slot. The eleven year
old's eyes widened as she heard the sounds of heavy breathing and moaning
emanate from the booth. She listened for a moment longer before realizing
that the man was watching the TV. She heard him flipping through the
channels, each one with a different sound of moaning and groaning, both
male and female voices.

&quot;It sounded like he just put a quarter in and the TV started,&quot; Joanna
thought to herself. She fumbled in her backpack for her change purse. She
found a quarter. With trembling hands, she slid the quarter into the coin
slot. She was thrilled to see the TV screen blink to life.

It was indeed a dirty movie, just as she had suspected. Joanna stared
at the screen, transfixed at the sight before her. On the TV, a woman lay
on her back, her legs spread, as a man plunged his hard penis into her. 
His movements were rapid and both of them were moaning and breathing
heavily. &quot;This is ten times better than the magazine,&quot; Joanna thought to
herself.

Joanna watched some more as the couple changed position so the woman was
on top. The man was now lying on his back as the woman straddled him,
facing the camera. Joanna had a clear view of her pink vagina engulfing
the hard penis that jutted out from the man's body. She watched in
fascination as the sexual activity unfurled before her. She felt the
wetness between her legs again as she listened to the two people onscreen
gasp and moan.

Curiously, Joanna spied the control panel built into the wall. Throwing
caution to the wind, she pressed a button. To her delight, the button
press changed the channel. There were two different people on the screen
now, kissing. She pressed the button again. Now there was yet another
couple, having sex. Joanna watched for a blissful moment before changing
the channel again.

There was so much to see. She pressed the button again and again, each
time bringing up a different scene. Joanna was mesmerized by the sheer
variety of it all. She saw several different sexual positions. One
channel showed a woman sucking a man's penis like a lollipop. Another
showed two naked women touching each other, making the eleven year old girl
giggle. She paused for a few minutes to watch a lone man grip his fist
around his penis and pull at it. &quot;That's probably why they call it
'jerking off',&quot; Joanna thought to herself with a smile.

On another channel she watched as two men and one woman had sex. For
some reason the idea made her blush red, but not from embarrassment. The
woman was on her hands and knees as one man thrust frantically into her
vagina and another let her suck his penis. The whole scene made Joanna
feel naughty and dirty, but also very excited. She wondered what it would
be like to be that woman, to be the center of attention of the two men.

&quot;Oh yeah, baby, fuck me harder...&quot; the woman moaned, as paused her
sucking on the hard penis in front of her.

&quot;Is this the way you like to get fucked?&quot; the man asked her. The camera
angle switched to a close-up of the man's hard organ pounding relentless in
and out of the woman's vagina. Joanna held her breath, captivated by the
illicit action. She heard the woman moan in appreciation as she was
fucked.

She watched as the men withdrew their erect penises. The woman sat down
and now the men stood over her, both gripping their male organs in their
fists.



&quot;Hey, baby,&quot; one man said as he jerked his penis, &quot;you want some of
this?&quot;

&quot;Oh yes, please,&quot; the woman cooed softly as she knelt before the men. 
She leaned in until both of their penises were inches from her face. 
Joanna leaned in closer as well. She watched enraptured as the woman
massaged the fleshy sacs beneath each penis.

&quot;Come on my face, please... Shoot your come all over me...&quot;

The eleven year old girl was spellbound as the men groaned and aimed
their penises at the woman's face. Joanna leaned in even closer to watch,
not wanting to miss a second, as a spray of white semen spurted from the
first man's penis, splattering all over the woman's face who moaned in
pleasure. The second man then leaned in closer as well, and a jet of white
semen erupted from his penis, coating the woman's cheek and neck.

Joanna swallowed hard. The wetness between her legs had completely
soaked the front of her underwear now and a pungent scent wafted from
beneath her skirt, filling the booth. Onscreen, the scene ended and faded
to black so Joanna pushed another button to change the channel.

The next channel showed only a naked woman, sprawled out on her bed, her
legs spread to the camera. The woman's fingers stroked between her legs as
she seductively eyed the camera. Joanna watched as the camera zoomed in on
the woman's pink and shiny slit, her crotch completely shaved. The camera
focused on the woman's finger as it rubbed between her vaginal lips,
producing sighs of delight from the woman.

&quot;What is she doing?&quot; Joanna thought to herself. &quot;It looks like she's
enjoying it. Maybe I should try it...&quot; Joanna hiked up her skirt and
reached under the waistband of her underwear. She imitated the woman on
the TV as her index finger plunged into her dripping wet slit. The
moisture surprised Joanna but she found she liked the slippery feeling of
it, especially when she rubbed herself like the woman was doing.

After a few minutes, Joanna decided she had the hang of it. She was
rubbing herself confidently, enjoying the tingling sensations, when the
screen went black. She tried pressing a few buttons but nothing happened.
&quot;Oh well,&quot; Joanna thought, reluctantly withdrawing her hand from her
underwear. &quot;I should probably get home before mom kills me anyway.&quot; She
took advantage of the Kleenex and wiped her hands off.

Standing up to leave, she spied the forgotten magazine that still lay on
the bench. Hesitating for a moment, Joanna shrugged and stuffed it into
her backpack. She listened at the door for a moment, wondering how she was
going to escape the bookstore. From the sounds of it, there were several
TV screens going now. She remembered all the other doors in the hallway.
Several of the booths must be occupied now.

Inching open the door, Joanna furtively peeked out to make sure the
coast was clear. The hallway was empty. Opening the door further, Joanna
silently slipped out and scampered to the stairway exit. But just as she
reached the stairs, her path was blocked off by a figure that emerged from
a booth.

&quot;Hey! What are you doing in here?&quot; the man said accusingly. Joanne
stopped dead in her tracks, her heart rate shooting sky-high. The man
blocked the stairway, the only exit. She was trapped.

&quot;I asked you a question!&quot; he said to her sternly. &quot;What are you doing?
You shouldn't be here. This isn't a place for little girls.&quot;

Joanne gazed up at the man fearfully. He was a tall and imposing
figure. He wore a muscle t-shirt that emphasized his bulky biceps. The
young girl was reminded of all a mean gym teacher she had known in third
grade.

&quot;Well?&quot; he barked at her. &quot;What have you been doing up here?&quot;

Joanna squirmed uncomfortably, wishing she were elsewhere. Nervously,
she scuffed at the floor with the toe of her shoe. &quot;Um, I don't know...&quot;
she stammered. &quot;I was... uh...&quot; Joanna wished she were somewhere far, far
away. Her ears and face were burning red with embarrassment and shame now.


&quot;Hey guys,&quot; the muscular man called out. &quot;Get out here! We have a
little intruder in our midst.&quot; So saying, he knocked on all the closed
doors up and down the hall, repeating, &quot;Get out here, fellas. We have a
little problem to take care of.&quot;

Joanna was horrified as the doors along the hallway began to open. A
face peered out at her from the nearest door. It was an old man, old
enough to be her grandpa, with his graying hair and withered, wrinkly face.
Further down the hall, another door swung open and she saw a very fat man
squeeze his way through the door. Joanna couldn't help but notice his eyes
light up as he fastened his gaze on her. The eleven year old found herself
unconsciously taking a step backward to distance herself from these men
staring at her.

Still another door opened and this time another figure stepped forward.
As he moved into the light, Joanna realized with a shock that it was merely
a teenager who had been watching the dirty movies in the booth. He was
tall and gangly, his face covered with pimples.

Finally, the door furthest down the hall opened and the last man stepped
out. Joanna was surprised to see it was a businessman of some sort. He
was wearing a suit and tie. The young girl wondered briefly why a man like
this would be in such a dirty place. Sill, suddenly confronted by five
males in the adult store, Joanna felt very intimidated indeed. She took
another step backward and found herself pressed up against a wall. No way
out.

&quot;Well, kid?&quot; the muscular man spoke again. &quot;You want to tell us what
you're doing in here?&quot; Joanna swallowed hard and looked at the five faces
staring at her. The muscular man's face was stern while behind him the
teenager smirked at her. The old man's eyebrow was raised, awaiting her
answer and the fat man was still leering at her. But the businessman stood
expressionless behind them all.

&quot;Um, I was just... well... I was...&quot; Joanna couldn't think of a good
lie and she was far too embarrassed to tell the truth. How could she say
it? I was watching naked people having sex, Joanna thought to herself.

Before she could stammer some more, the fat man stepped forward and
grabbed her hand. Joanna tried to pull away but there was nowhere to go
and he was too strong. Before she knew what he was doing, he raised her
little hand to his nostrils and sniffed at her fingers.

&quot;Hey!&quot; the fat man exclaimed. &quot;Your fingers smell like cunt juice!&quot;
Behind him, the sound of laughter and chuckles burst forth from the other
men. Joanna felt herself get even redder as the desire washed over her to
disappear or shrink into something tiny. The old man was smiling at her
now and even the corners of the businessman's mouth twitched. Angrily,
Joanna pulled her hand away from the fat man's grip.

&quot;Did it turn you on?&quot; the muscular man asked her, in a softer voice now.
Joanna looked at him but turned away, her shame overpowering her. She felt
tears welling up in her eyes.

The old man approached her now and knelt beside her. He put a hand on
her shoulder. &quot;Did it make you wet?&quot; he asked her. &quot;Did you like to watch
those people having sex? Tell us.&quot; He put his hand under her chin and
raised her face to meet his gaze. Joanna looked into the old man's face.
He wasn't laughing now. His eyes even seemed to be friendly and
understanding.

&quot;Yes,&quot; Joanna whispered. A tear rolled down her cheek now. The old man
wiped it away with a calloused finger. The young girl smelled the
disarming scent of pipe tobacco from the old man.

&quot;There, there,&quot; he consoled her. &quot;It's nothing to be ashamed of. It's
natural to feel curious and to feel pleasure.&quot;

Joanna couldn't answer but she managed to raise her head to meet his
gaze. The old man nodded sympathetically at her. She glanced at the
others behind him and found that none of them were laughing at her now.

&quot;Don't cry,&quot; the old man told her. &quot;You're too pretty to cry. Come on
now...&quot; He reached into his pocket and pulled out a tissue and wiped her
face with it. Joanna sniffled appreciatively. &quot;There, boys,&quot; the old man
proclaimed. &quot;Doesn't she look prettier now?&quot;

The men murmured their consent. Joanna smiled shyly now at the old man
peering wide-eyed into her face.

&quot;I bet you're so pretty that all these guys here like you,&quot; the old man
told her. &quot;I bet they like you a lot.&quot;

&quot;Really?&quot; Joanna said softly.

&quot;Really,&quot; the old man said to her. &quot;Why I bet they would even show you
what they've got in their underwear.&quot;

Joanna blushed deeply at this. But the old man leaned in closer and
prodded her with a knowing elbow. He winked at her.

&quot;You liked watching those movies, didn't you? I bet you liked watching
those naked men too. Am I right?&quot; The old man elbowed her again playfully.
Joanna couldn't keep herself from grinning as she looked to the floor and
blushed.

The old man chuckled. &quot;Come on then,&quot; he said, taking her by the arm,
&quot;let's go over here.&quot; Before she could protest, the man took her firmly and
led her to the corner of the landing. The other men filed out of the
hallway and stood in a row, blocking any access to the stairway. The fat
man waddled forward, his enormous belly heaving before him.

&quot;Hey guys, I got an idea,&quot; he said, &quot;Let's make her sit on the
sybian...&quot; The other men murmured their consent again. Joanna had no idea
what the fat man was talking about. She watched him pull an object from
the corner into the center of the landing. It looked like a mailbox. He
strained to move it and then finally struggled some more to bend over and
plug it into the wall. Joanna was confused. What would a mailbox need to
be plugged in?

&quot;Have a seat there, little girl,&quot; the fat man told her. Joanna regarded
the device dubiously. It looked like a standard black mailbox except it
had a little saddle on the top of it. She wasn't sure she wanted to sit at
all. The preteen girl was still feeling shy and embarrassed about being
caught by all these men. She cast an eye longingly at the stairs, still
blocked by the teenager, the businessman, and the muscular man. Joanna
hesitated for a moment, wondering how she could get away. The old man was
at her side again.

&quot;Go on,&quot; he told her, taking her by the shoulders and maneuvering her to
the mailbox. &quot;It'll be all right. That's right, just have a seat. No,
no, not like that honey. Sit like this...&quot; The old man position her until
she was straddling the mailbox with the saddle lodged between her legs. 
Because of the way she was positioned, the saddle jutted directly against
the damp spot on her underwear, reminding her of the strange wetness
between her legs. Her skirt was loose enough so that it settled around her
comfortably, almost hiding the mailbox from view.

Sitting on the mailbox now, gazing up at these five men, Joanna felt a
wave of apprehension. What were they going to do?

As if by answer, the fat man stepped forward and said, &quot;Come on, guys.
Let's give the girl a real show...&quot; With that, the fat man undid his pants
and let them fall to the floor. With a tug, his underwear joined his pants
around his ankles. Joanna was shocked to see his penis dangling before
her. The fat man closed his hand around his penis and began to jerk at it.

Astonished, Joanna watched as the muscular man moved closer as well and
let his shorts drop to his ankles. The eleven year old stared at his
penis, a thick and sausage-like organ that jutted from his pubic area. 
Like the fat man, he too made a fist around his penis.

It was all happening too fast. Joanna looked to her right and saw the
teenager already massaging his hard penis that poked out from the fly of
his shorts. The old man already had his pants around his ankles as well
and was stroking his rapidly hardening penis.

Joanna's heart beat rapidly as her mind whirled at the sight of the four
penises surrounding her. A flash of movement caught her eye and she saw
the businessman finally step forward and unzip his zipper. She watched as
he carefully pulled his penis out from his underwear. He too began to
stroke his hard organ with his fist.

Joanna couldn't believe it. The young girl thought she was dreaming. 
Here she was, surrounded by five men and their five penises all visible
before her. She felt a tingle of electricity between her legs and she
thought she felt her underwear become wetter.

&quot;Hey man,&quot; the muscular man said, elbowing the fat man. &quot;Did you turn
on the sybian for her?&quot;

&quot;Oh yeah, I forgot,&quot; the fat man mumbled. &quot;I'll start it on low power
to get her started.&quot; With some effort, he leaned down and turned a dial on
the mailbox. Joanna gave a start as she felt it him to life beneath her.
The mailbox whirred and hummed quietly, like a hushed vacuum cleaner. She
was amazed to feel a gentle vibration from the saddle pressed between her
legs. It was like a gently and soothing massage. The young girl
momentarily forgot the male organs before her as she concentrated on the
warm feeling building in her stomach.

&quot;You like that, don't you?&quot; a voice asked her.

Aware of a lightheaded pleasure blossoming in her head, Joanna raised
her eyes from the floor to search for the owner of the voice. But the
eleven year old was caught short by the sight of a hard penis pointed
straight at her. The half-circle of men moved in closer until they were
each less than two feet from the young girl. Shifting her gaze, Joanna let
herself stare at each of the five penises unveiled before her. The preteen
girl discovered that if she stared hard and concentrated on the penis, it
only intensified the warm pleasure in her body.

Not even bothering to attach faces to the male organs, Joanna blissfully
turned from penis to penis, comparing each one and enjoying the surge of
excitement each one produced in her young body. Some were long but others
were short. Some were very thick like sausages but others were skinny. 
There were bright purple heads. There were dull, muted red tips. Hairy
crotches and less hairy crotches. Smooth shafts and veined shafts. Joanna
swallowed hard, forgetting her apprehension as her eyes drank in the
details of each penis.

She heard someone say, &quot;Hey, why don't you turn it up a notch? She
seems to be having a good time.&quot; A foot reached forward to where the dial
was on the mailbox.

Joanna inhaled sharply as she felt the vibrating saddle intensify in
power. The vibrations transferred directly to the area between her legs.
Involuntarily, her skinny thighs gripped hard at the sides of the mailbox.
Joanna let her head lean back a little but her eyes were still locked on
the sight before her as she gazed down her nose. The men were still
stroking intently at their penises, their fists locked tight. Realizing
that she was the center of attention, the preteen girl felt another wave of
pleasure.

&quot;Turn it up some more,&quot; another voice said.

The machine kicked up into a higher level of vibration. Joanna's thighs
gripped the mailbox again as she held on for dear life. Her little mouth
formed an &quot;O&quot; of pleasure as the area between her legs exploded in bliss.
Arching her back a bit, Joanna pressed her hips forward so that her crotch
was pressed tight against the saddle. She gasped in delight as the
pressure intensified the tingles in her crotch.

Her eyes still wandered from each hard penis to the next. Joanna was
completely enthralled by the beautiful male organs before her. She heard a
voice speak

&quot;Hey, little girl... Why don't you lift your skirt and show what you've
got under there?&quot;

Joanna paused a moment. She felt a twinge of conscience and was
reminded of her earlier apprehension. But that was before she felt such
pleasure, before she saw these hard penises. The naughty thought of
exposing herself made her tingle. Joanna reached down and lifted her skirt
up.

Finally breaking her gaze from their midsections, Joanna at last looked
at the faces of the men. She saw they were completely enraptured by her
young body. Her young body had responded appropriately to the simulation
and the crotch of her underwear was now soaked with her preteen
lubrication. Her wetness had rendered the cotton almost transparent and her
hairless slit was clearly visible to her audience. Her skinny legs
clenched the mailbox tightly as little shivers tickled her body.

Joanna continued to hold up her skirt, revealing herself to the men. 
She noticed how each of them stared at her, each gaze fastened to the area
between her legs. Suddenly, the teenager mumbled something she couldn't
understand. He stepped forward until his penis was just inches from her
face. Joanna watched, unaware of what was about to happen.

&quot;Oh God...&quot; the teenager moaned. Joanna saw a flash of white erupt from
his penis and then she felt something hot land on her face. She realized
that the teenager was ejaculating on her, just like the men in the movies
had done to the woman. Another burst of semen landed on her neck, and then
another on her hair. The young girl realized she was holding her breath
again.

The teenager retreated but to her left, Joanna saw the fat man approach
her. She saw his short and stubby penis, almost dwarfed by his fist as he
stroked his hard unit. And then he groaned and aimed his penis at her. 
The eleven year old saw another flash of white and then more hotness on her
cheek. More ropy strands of semen followed, matting her brown hair. 
Spent, the fat man stepped back.

Joanne felt the pleasure inside her building to a breaking point. For
each ejaculation, she had felt a thrill wash across her young body. The
muscular man stepped closer to her now. She noticed the little slit on the
purple tip of his penis and the clear fluid that seemed to be leaking from
it. Joanna swallowed hard in anticipation. She didn't have to wait long.
The muscular man let out a low moan and he arched his back slightly,
pointing his penis at her face.

The eleven year old was intently watching this time and she clearly saw
the first spurt issue forth from the hard, throbbing penis before her. She
felt the familiar hot and wet sensation of his semen as it landed on her
cheek. His next shot landed square on her forehead, right between her
eyes.

But suddenly the businessman stepped forward as well. Before she knew
it, he was ejaculating on her as well. Joanna felt a shudder of
electricity through her eleven year old body as these two men sprayed their
semen on her at the same time. The muscular man aimed lower, soaking her
neck and t-shirt with his white fluid. The businessman fired his first
volley into her hair. Joanna gasped as she felt the hot fluid on her ear.
Then he aimed higher and added more semen to her face. Finally exhausted,
both men stepped back.

That left only the old man stroking his penis. Joanna watched him, her
face covered with white fluid that dripped off her chin. Her hair was
liberally covered as well and her t-shirt felt soaked.

&quot;Does that feel good, little girl?&quot; the old man asked her, never
stopping his strokes. &quot;Do you like the way it feels between your legs?&quot;

The eleven year old ground her crotch harder against the saddle. One
hand still lifted her skirt, revealing her soaked underwear and hairless
slit. &quot;Y-yes...&quot; Joanna replied, out of breath. &quot;It feels nice...&quot;

&quot;Do you want it to feel better?&quot; the old man said, stepping closer to
her.

&quot;Oh yes, please... yes...&quot; Joanna answered eagerly. Her eyes zoomed in
on his hard penis only inches from her face now. The muscular man darted
forward and turned the dial on the mailbox again. It was at full power
now.

&quot;Uhhhh...&quot; Joanna grunted as the powerful vibrations massaged her
crotch. She pressed her hips forward with all her might now, grinding hard
on the vibrating saddle.

&quot;Uhhhh... Uhhhh... Oh God...&quot; Joanna whispered as a wave of pleasure
roared up inside her. For a brief instant, it felt like she was floating.
And then the wave crashed and the tingles washed over her from head to toe.


&quot;Ahhhhh!&quot; Joanna shrieked, her first orgasm overtaking her eleven year
old body. &quot;Uhhhh, uhhhh, ummmm....&quot; She felt her muscles clench tight and
relax and then tight again. The old man leaned in closer now and she saw
the first spray of semen erupt from his penis. It landed on her cheek, hot
and wet. Another jet of semen followed, landing on her upper lip. Joanna
was too overwhelmed with her orgasm to worry as the old man's remaining
spurts landed in her mouth. She tasted the saltiness and muskiness of it
on her tongue before swallowing it, not really meaning to. She needed to
take a breath and she couldn't do it with a mouth full of his semen.

Finally, Joanna felt her young body relax and the pleasure slowly
subside. Suddenly sensitive now, she pulled away from the vibrating
saddle. Someone unplugged the machine and it went quiet. Silence filled
the room.

Joanna took a deep breath and looked around the room cautiously. None
of the men had bothered to pull their pants on or zip up. Five penis were
still displayed before her, although now they were dangling and no longer
hard. Joanna was suddenly aware too of the now cooled fluid on her face
that was dripping from her chin. Looking down at her t-shirt, she saw it
was covered with several dark stains.

The men were no longer standing in a semi-circle around her. Some were
leaning against the wall. The fat man was sitting on the floor. The path
to the stairway was clear.

Suddenly bashful, Joanna felt an urgent need to get away. Stumbling to
her feet, she mumbled, &quot;Um, I need to go now...&quot; She grabbed her forgotten
backpack next to the mailbox. Tottering forward under her weak legs,
Joanna staggered to the stairs before anyone could stop her.

&quot;Hey, wait...&quot; a voice said behind her. But Joanna was lurching down
the stairs before anyone could grab her. Bounding out into the magazine
room, Joanna quickly oriented herself and exited through the alley door. 
She started to run home, not stopping until she was several blocks away and
was certain no one was following her.

Reaching into her backpack, Joanna produced a pack of Kleenex and began
to clean herself up as best she could. She wiped the semen from her face,
using several Kleenex tissues. Without thinking, she ran her hand through
her hair. Making a face, she stopped when she touched the cold and
jellylike substance that now adorned her hair. She took more Kleenex out
to clean her hair.

It wasn't until Joanna had reached the last tissue before she realized
she hadn't wiped off her t-shirt yet. Fumbling in her backpack, she tried
to find more Kleenex. Instead, her hands closed on the smooth, glossy
cover of the adult magazine she had smuggled into her backpack.

Pulling out the magazine, Joanna flipped open to a page at random. She
was surprised to see it was a close-up picture of a woman's face. She was
holding a penis in her hand and there were several strands of semen on her
face. &quot;But,&quot; Joanna reflected, &quot;not nearly as much as I had on mine...&quot;
For some reason the thought made her smile.

Shoving the magazine into her backpack, Joanna wiped off her t-shirt the
best she could before tossing the Kleenex into a nearby dumpster. As she
turned to run home, a light rain began to fall.