&quot;Stay Out of the Bathroom&quot;
Melinda bounced into the kitchen and flung her backpack
down on the counter.

&quot;Hi, Mom! What you making?&quot;

Mrs. June Cleaver leaned into the lump of dough she'd
been kneading for ten minutes.

&quot;Bread, silly. What does it look like? Give me a kiss.&quot;

&quot;Guess what I did first.&quot;

&quot;Did you and Sheryl sneak off during lunch again?&quot;

&quot;No. Guess again.&quot; Melinda grinned from ear to ear. She
was bouncing around so excited, her miniskirt kept flying up
showing her panties.

&quot;Slow down baby! You're going to pee in your panties!
Tell me.&quot;

&quot;You know Mr. Martin, the new math teacher?

&quot;Yea, the cute one. You talked about him all last
week.&quot;

&quot;Now kiss me and tell me what I did!&quot; Melinda said,
bouncing over to her Mom.

June leaned down and gave her daughter a kiss. Melinda
opened her mouth, inviting her mother's tongue in. As they
French kissed, June felt her crotch get all moist.

&quot;You sucked him!&quot; June said, pulling away breathlessly.

&quot;Ten minutes ago! Can you still taste his cum? I ran
right home so you could taste it.&quot;

&quot;Give me some more baby.&quot; June probed with her tongue,
tasting the young man's cum still clinging to the inside of
her daughter's mouth.

&quot;Nice,&quot; June purred when she had gotten all she could.

&quot;He didn't even mind that I was twelve! He's so cool.&quot;

&quot;Invite him over sometime for dinner, OK?&quot;

&quot;Sure, Mom. Hey, what's that!&quot; Melinda rushed to pick
up the package on the table.

She examined it. Her eyes widened at the German
postmark and stamps.

&quot;Mommmmm!&quot; she screeched, &quot;you didn't tell me!&quot;

&quot;It just came. I didn't want to interrupt your news.&quot;

&quot;But, Mom. This is it. The new Alexia videos we
ordered!&quot;

June laughed, a light pleasant musical laugh at her
daughter's girlish delight.

&quot;Let's go watch them right away!&quot;

&quot;No,&quot; June said, turning serious. &quot;We'll wait for your
father and watch them together.&quot;

&quot;You're mean! I'll call him and tell him to come home
right now.&quot;

&quot;You'll do no such thing! He's in a big meeting this
afternoon. He'll be home at the regular time. Why don't you
go play with your brother until Dad gets home?&quot;

&quot;His wiener is too small.&quot;

&quot;Then watch some of the other videos. You still haven't
seen the one we made last week.&quot;

&quot;OK. But call me as soon as Dad gets home!&quot;

&quot;Stay out of the bathroom!&quot; June shouted as she scooted
off. Melinda poped her head back into the kitchen.

&quot;Me? You're the one who can never hold it long enough!&quot;

&quot;See what happens when you get old?&quot;

&quot;Mommmm! You're not old!&quot;

&quot;Go on. And let Timmy watch it with you too, OK?&quot;

&quot;Sure, Mom. Whatever,&quot; the girl shouted on her way up
the stairs.

I walked through our front door at precisely 5:45 pm.
The meeting was running late, but June had called to tell me
about the videos. I knew Melinda would be busting to see
them, so I cut out early.

As I closed the door behind me Melinda threw herself
into my arms. I pulled her up for a kiss, my hands under her
bottom and she clamped her legs around my waist as tight as
she could. She had on no panties and I slipped a finger into
her sweet brown hole as we kissed.

&quot;Hey, baby, what's been in that mouth of yours?&quot; I
asked when we'd had enough kissing.

&quot;Mr. Martin's cock! I finally got to suck him off
today!&quot;

&quot;How'd he taste? Better than Daddy?&quot; I teased her.

&quot;No way!&quot;

My finger was all the way inside her bottom by now. To
my delight, it was packed full.

&quot;Have you been playing with those big toys again? You
feel mighty loose back there girl.&quot;

&quot;Daddyyy, no, I swear! That's just you making me so
big. No one else gets in there.&quot;

&quot;Nobody but me, Timmy, the dog and some of our toys!&quot;

&quot;It's your fault if my hole is bigger than Timmy's
mouth!&quot;

I pulled my finger out and gave her a brief taste
before I popped it in my own mouth.

&quot;Hey, speaking of dinner, I'm hungry,&quot; I said, letting
her down.

&quot;Dad! The Alexia videos came. The ones where she's way
pregnant? Why don't we eat in the play room and watch them
at the same time?&quot;

&quot;Baby, we're going to sit down to dinner together just
like a normal family should, and no TV while we eat, OK?&quot;

The four of us sat around the dinner table. The whole
time we ate, Melinda kept fidgeting in her chair. She
squirmed and farted, but we pretended we were in no hurry.

&quot;Dad! I have to go so bad.&quot; She moaned.

&quot;Just finish your dinner, missy. And drink all of your
cranberry iced tea,&quot; June said to her.

&quot;I like regular iced tea better. This doesn't really
work anyway.&quot;

&quot;Have you had any infections since we started drinking
it?&quot;

&quot;No,&quot; Melinda replied, defeated.

Just then the doorbell rang. Timmy jumped up.

That's Mrs. Henderson! Can I go now?&quot;

I kissed him and patted his butt.

&quot;Get going tiger!&quot; I said.

His mom gave him a kiss.

&quot;When will she bring you back?&quot;

&quot;Tomorrow morning! OK?&quot;

&quot;Say 'hi' to her for me.&quot;

Timmy raced away the way only a seven year old could,
banging into door jambs and tripping over carpets.

&quot;Where's he going?&quot; Melinda asked.

&quot;Mr. and Mrs. Henderson are having some of the neighbor
kids over for the night.&quot;

&quot;All she ever wants is to take him to bed and suck his
cock. Never lets him play with the other kids,&quot; Melinda said
in a grumpy voice.

&quot;Now, now, be kind,&quot; I said to my daughter. &quot;We
shouldn't judge other people.&quot;

&quot;Come on, baby, help me clear the table,&quot; June said.

&quot;Yippie!&quot; Melinda jumped up. I've never seen the table
cleared so fast.

Half an hour later we were down in the &quot;play room.&quot;
June had changed into a sheer nightgown that came down only
to the bottom of her ass. I was wearing a short robe, and
Melinda had on a belly T-shirt, a short pleated skirt and no
panties. She loved to flounce about and show her pussy and
bottom.

In the middle of the room was a King-size platform bed,
raised up only about a foot from the floor. We always made
it up with cotton sheets and a blanket, just like a regular
bed, but underneath the bottom sheet a thick rubber mattress
cover stretched from corner to corner. We didn't mind
getting the bedding dirty -- in fact, that was something we
really enjoyed. A washer and drier in a closet nearby made
clean up easy.

We had six TV sets in the room, positioned so you could
see one from just about any angle, but the big one was at
the foot of the bed. The ceiling was mirrored, and we had
mirrors on portable stands that could be brought close to
the bed and positioned so it was easy to see anything you
wanted from any angle.

I popped the first video into the VCR and settled back
on the bed with Melinda while June poured some wine for us.
We'd heard months ago through the scat grapevine that Alexia
was pregnant, and when videos of her in her condition became
available, June and I knew we had to have them for Melinda.

June and I cuddled together, June fondling my cock,
which was already hard as iron in anticipation of the
evening ahead. Melinda crouched down at the foot of the bed,
almost on all fours, clued to the TV set. Her cute little
butt showed under her skirt. June kept flipping it up with
her toe to see more.

The video rolled, and it almost more than I could do to
keep from cumming. I wanted to save it for when the three of
us got dirty ourselves, but the girls had no such worry.
June quickly put her foot under our baby's bottom and rubbed
her pussy with it. Melinda pushed back against her, wanting
more. She gasped and shuddered as she watched Alexia --
obviously close to term, her belly swollen huge and tight --
shit on her friends then get ready to take their excrement.
Shit was an almost holy substance for Alexia, and she goes
into a virtual trance whenever she has an opportunity to
indulge her fetish.

Ingrid -- a tall, big-boned blonde -- squatted over
Alexia's swollen belly and pulled her ass cheeks open.
Alexia's eyes glistened with perverted lust, her body
trembled. Ingrid strained, her hole puckered, opened, and
the first turd of the video emerged. By this time June had
Melinda in her arms from behind, a finger in her asshole and
a finger on her clit, whispering nasty encouragement in her
ear. As a thick soft turd oozed out of Ingrid's hole and
plopped on Alexia's trembling belly, my darling girl came,
shuddering and moaning in ecstasy. The turd steamed on
Alexia's belly. Alexia took it and smeared it down toward
her pussy, leaving a thick brown trail of shit on her
mother's flesh. She smeared it around her bare pussy then
pushed a big piece inside. I think Alexia came right then
for the first time in the video.

&quot;The baby's getting her first taste of poop, Mom,&quot;
Melinda said, her voice shaking.

&quot;Yes, baby. She'll grow up just like you did,&quot; June
said, kissing our darling girl all over.

I got under my wife's ass and licked her hole. Pushing
my tongue inside, I could feel the lovely masses just inside
her sphincter, ready to burst free, but we had agreed not to
get dirty while the video was on -- too distracting.

My wife called to me to look. I got up and saw a
thinner girl with short black hair squatting over Alexia's
mouth. A turd protruding from her hole about an inch. Alexia
leaned up, sucked on it in complete ecstasy, getting her
lips and mouth all dirty. A quick cutaway showed Ingrid's
turd sticking out of Alexia's distended cunt. She was
getting shit in both holes now.

&quot;Daddyyyy,&quot; my girl moaned. I knew what she wanted. The
rules said we wouldn't get dirty, but getting wet was OK. I
stood at the foot of the bed, careful not to block her or
her mother's view, and took my first piss of the evening. I
timed by spray for just the moment when the girl's long firm
turd fell from her hole into Alexia's eager mouth. My
steaming piss stream played over our baby's girl tits,
running down her belly and over her swelling pussy. The
hugely pregnant scat queen, shit filling both holes, came as
the turd fell on her tongue. As she masticated the turd into
brown goo, swallowing it bit by bit, opening her mouth to
show us after each bit when down, I brought my piss stream
up to Melinda's shinning face. June thrust two fingers into
each of our darling girl's holes and with a scream she came,
her mouth overflowing with her daddy's piss.

The three of us continued watching the video in that
vein. Melinda and I teamed up to dildo June in both holes,
then traded sucks on the one that came out of her chocolate
hole. We all got our fingers in each other's backsides and
tasted them, so we were more than ready to play with each
other when the tape ended.

Melinda and June were quivering with perverted lust by
this point. They were way past the &quot;point of no return,&quot; so
excited that they would do absolutely anything to give
themselves pleasure. My own cock was aching so much I felt
like screaming. I wanted a few quick thrusts in my girl's
pussy, but I knew that the minute my cock touched her cunt I
would explode.

June got down on her back on the bed and slid her face
under Melinda, who was crouching again on the bed like a
wild animal in heat. I kissed my baby girl, tasting my own
piss from her mouth, then smoothed back my darling wife's
hair so her face was unobstructed. June lovingly caressed
our daughter's buttocks, running her hands again and again
over the smooth firm globes. Her eyes fixated on the girl's
pink-brown anus, watching as it puckered and gasped. Melinda
scooted backward and down, searching for her mother's mouth.
I handed Melinda her mother's favorite dildo, and the girl
immediately plunged it into that quivering cunt that gave
birth to her.

My daughter's belly pulsed in and out with her
breathing. She groaned as she strained, feeling her mom's
own breath on her hole, feeling her mother's lips closing
around her sphincter, feeling her parent's tongue probing
the child's asshole. June was shaking herself now with
anticipation, pulling on the girl's hips, wild with dirty
perverted lust to have her own daughter defecate in her
mouth. I held Melinda's face in my hands, put my mouth to
hers and sucked on her mouth. With a demented cry of
&quot;yessssssss!&quot; from June, Melinda's hole opened and a dark
knobby turd emerged. It fell, one long firm piece out of the
girl's hole, slid down my wife's tongue and into her mouth.
Her body convulsed as Melinda' rammed the dildo into her
mother's cunt. Both holes where filled, one with the toy,
the other with a steaming mass of excrement right from her
first born's rectum.

I threw myself on my wife's mouth and kissed her
insanely, both of us sucking on the turd born from our baby.
We lost ourselves in it, in the toilet mouths we shared,
eagerly chewing and swallowing the luscious morsel. Then we
were aware of a stream of liquid warmth splashing over our
faces. The girl had turned around, and watching her parents
eating the shit from each other's mouths, had let go with
her pissing, flooding our dirty faces with gold. Both
females had cum, and now rested in each other's arms,
petting and kissing. They licked each other's lips and
teeth, chasing down the last morsels of excrement, laughing
and playing.

Then it was my turn. I could tell I was going to get a
special treat tonight, the two of them were so wild. June
got on all fours over her daughter and then Melinda had me
get behind her mother. She guided my cock into June's ass,
and saw with satisfaction how easily it slipped in. I thrust
several times, going as deep as I could, feeling my dick
bury itself again and again in my wife's warm thick dirt.

Melinda signaled me to pull out. My cock came out thick
with poop, nearly dripping with it. Melinda pressed her
young titties together and I thrust between them, injecting
a thick smear of excrement into the channel she'd made. It
was all I could do to keep from cumming. I put my cock back
in my beloved wife's ass, and then I heard Melinda
whispering up to me.

&quot;Please, Daddy, do it in me.&quot;

My rectum was bursting. I lowered my ass to my child's
angelic face. June pushed back against so I won't pop out of
her hole. She took a dildo and inserted it into our
daughter.

I felt my baby's open mouth under my hole. Her lips
played with me. I felt her breathing on me. Her tongue
teased my hole. I looked down, and saw her shining eyes, her
perverted lust for her father to eliminate in her mouth. I
pushed gently. I wanted to extend the moment. I felt the
excrement move in my bowels, pushing to get out. I couldn't
last much longer. My wife's own ass was squeezing me tighter
and tighter. Then I couldn't hold it any longer.

With a rush my rectum emptied into my baby's mouth. The
surge of poop filled her mouth and covered her face. I came,
so hard and deep it almost hurt, spurting cum deep into my
wife's entrails at the sensation of defecating on her. I
felt the sudden pile of shit touch my buttocks, felt my
balls drag in it. I collapsed over June's back, shaking.
Melinda's hands went to work, smearing her dad's poop over
her body, coating her tits, smearing her belly, spreading it
over her little girl pussy. June pushed back against me,
forcing me backwards. Melinda's face was under her mother's
hole, and I pulled out, my cock coated with shit and
streaked with cum. Melinda pulled it into her mouth,
wrapping her tongue around my shaft, tasting the mixture of
warm slippery shit and thick cum. She was in ecstasy, an
Alexia-like trance of perversion. She pulled at her mother's
hips, drawing her down, demanding more. My wife's sphincter,
a thick purple ring from so much abuse, opened, and her own
excrement pushed out in a long slippery tube of brown and
orange. A muffled scream burst out of Melinda's mouth and
through the pile of shit. Piss and ejaculate shot from her
young pussy, leaping into the air. I clamped my mouth to her
cunt, taking the fountain down my throat.

Gasping and shaking, we fell into each other's arms and
hugged tightly. Melinda and June cried, caressed each other,
smeared the slippery shit over themselves, into every nock
and cranny of their bodies. We pulled the sheet over us and
fell asleep in each other's arms in that stinking mess of a
bed, the taste and smell and texture of each other's
excrement and pee filling our mouths and noses.