Mary Ann's
My name is Mary Ann. I'm twenty-one years old. This is the story of what happened to me eleven years ago when I was ten. It was the summer of 1992 and I was on summer vacation. During the typically hot Minnesota summers, my mom used to drive me to my grandparents' house so I could spend the day at their house. This was always a treat since my grandparents were pretty well off. They had a big house in the suburbs even though it was only the two of them. But best of all, they had an indoor swimming pool. 
As much as I liked the pool, I have to admit that I was quite afraid of the water back then and I couldn't swim. Wading in waist-high water was okay but I was very fearful of the deep end. I was enrolled in lots of useless swimming lessons and, despite a closetful of swimsuits, I never ventured past chest high water. 
I remember that first summer day when my mom dropped me off at grandma and grandpa's house. It was already sticky and hot, even though it was only June. My grandparents met me at the door. We went inside and chatted a while before my grandpa declared that he himself was going to teach my to swim that summer. We all laughed because everyone knew about my swimming difficulties. 
Grandpa suggested we go to the pool right away. Grandma declined, saying she wanted to work on the garden. So I changed into my swimsuit and headed downstairs to where the pool was. Grandpa was already in the water, wearing his green swimming trunks. He stood in waist-high water and urged me to join him. I hesitated, knowing that waist-high for him was more like chest-high for me. Grandpa insisted, though, saying he wouldn't let me go under. 
In the end, Grandpa had to approach the edge of the pool and hold my hand as I jumped in with him. The pool was heated so the water was just right. For a while, Grandpa and I splashed around in the pool, wading and throwing inflatable pool toys back and forth. But Grandpa soon told me it was time to learn how to swim. I balked again, telling him I was afraid. But he wouldn't stop insisting and finally he talked me into a sort of compromise. I could sit on his shoulders and he would walk, underwater, to the deep end. I would stay above the water. 
I agreed. Grandpa went underwater and I watched him, all murky and blue-tinted, as he moved beneath the surface of the water. He positioned himself and I soon rose up out of the water, sitting on his shoulders, his head between my thighs. I remember gripping tight on his head to keep from falling. 
&quot;All right, Mary Ann,&quot; he said. &quot;Are you ready? Let's go.&quot; Grandpa started moving towards the deep end. I watched as the water rose past his belly button, past his chest, until it was up to his neck. Then he took a deep breath and his head went underwater. We kept moving though and soon the water was at my waist. Then my shoulders. Finally it reached my chin. I was craning my neck as high as I could to keep from going underwater. 
I tugged at Grandpa's hair, his head still underwater. &quot;Grandpa,&quot; I squeaked. &quot;The water's getting too high...&quot; I was panicking. He couldn't hear a word I was saying of course. He kept on moving into the deep end and the water soon was up to my nose. My mouth was clenched tightly shut so as to not swallow any of the pool water.

The water rose above my nose just for a moment, and the chlorine stung my eyes. I panicked again. Even though I knew I couldn't swim, I struggled and pushed myself off Grandpa's shoulders, thinking I could somehow get out of the pool on my own. 
I didn't. I sank like a stone and swallowed a mouthful of water when I tried to yell. I was sure I was going to drown until I felt something pulling me up to the surface. Suddenly I was above the surface again, coughing, crying, hyperventilating. 
&quot;There, there, Mary Ann, it's all right, hush now...&quot; Grandpa was trying to soothe me. He held me close to his chest as he moved us closer to the shallow end until he was standing in chest-high water. He still held me tight. It took me a while to calm down. When I finally did, I looked into Grandpa's face and he smiled back at me. 
&quot;You should have trusted me, Mary Ann,&quot; he told me. He promised again that he wouldn't let anything happen to me. Insisting again, he said we should start swimming lessons right now. I was reluctant, saying I was scared and didn't want too. Grandpa wouldn't let up though. After much cajoling, I let him turn me over on my stomach so I could learn to kick my legs. 
Grandpa held me with one hand on my chest and the other on my tummy. He then instructed me to kick my legs and snap my knees. I tried but once my legs started disturbing the water, it would churn up around me and get in my face, making it hard to breathe. 
Grandpa solved that by holding me at an angle, inclining my body slightly so my upper torso rose higher out of the water. That worked okay, I remember. Grandpa shifted his grip so his hand held me a little lower on my belly. He encouraged me and told me I was doing a very good job kicking. Grandpa's hand kept moving lower on my body until I could feel his thumb pressing at the juncture between my legs. Even as I was kicking, I could feel his thumb moving back and forth against me. 
Stopping my movements, I asked Grandpa what he was doing. He told me that I was kicking wrong and he was massaging the right muscles to help me kick correctly. At the time, I remember vaguely believing what he was saying. Today I know, of course, that Grandpa was molesting me, pure and simple. But being ten years old and not knowing how to swim, I just sort of trusted him. 
I had my suspicions of course. My mom had often told me that I wasn't supposed to let anyone touch me down there. She never exactly specified why I shouldn't let anyone but only said I should tell her or another adult if it happened. Grandpa was touching me there but he was obviously an adult. I felt conflicted about what exactly I was supposed to do. 
Meanwhile, Grandpa carried me to the shallow end until we reached the pool's edge. He sat me down on the pool's ledge and, without even hesitating, pulled the crotch of my swimsuit aside, revealing my hairless skin. I remember feeling greatly embarrassed at being exposed to Grandpa like this. I watched as he took his finger, all wrinkled and prune-like from the water, and start touching me. His finger parted my hairless slit, sinking into the plump flesh of my crotch.

Grandpa didn't look at me as he rubbed between my legs. He didn't even speak. I didn't say anything either. Instead I just watched as he touched me, feeling very self-conscious and confused. Was this acceptable behavior from Grandpa? Should I tell someone? Or should I trust him since he was a family member? 
The internal conflict aside, it felt funny when Grandpa touched me too. Looking back today, I can't say his touch elicited any sort of pleasurable response from me. It didn't feel good and I didn't beg him to keep going (contrary to the sex stories you might read on the internet). I guess you might say my body reacted in a sexual manner but more in a clinical manner than in a sexual one. Being ten years old, I was unaware of my body and its mechanics and its sensations. Really, the best I can say is that it felt funny and odd. 
Grandpa kept on stroking me with his finger, his other hand still pulling my swimsuit aside, for several minutes. During this time, my discomfort grew. When he finally stopped for a moment, I pulled away. He let me get up so I told him I had to go to the bathroom. I stalled in the bathroom for a while until I finally got the idea to yell to him that I was going to see what Grandma was doing outside. 
I ran outside, swimsuit and all, to find Grandma working on her rose garden. Grandpa strolled outside a few minutes later, still wearing his swimsuit too. I remember Grandma asked me if I learned how to swim yet. Before I could answer, Grandpa spoke and said I was doing a great job. My mouth fell silent and I decided not to say anything. 
The rest of the day passed uneventfully and my mom picked me up later in the afternoon. By then I decided not to tell her as well, although I have no idea why. It just seemed like a secret I would keep to myself. 
It wasn't until a week later that I went back to my grandparents' house. I had been busy spending time at friends' houses and things like that. I hadn't been there an hour before Grandpa said we should head for the pool. He kept on insisting but I was especially unenthusiastic. Grandma eventually agreed with him however, telling me I should go enjoy myself in the pool. 
I dawdled for a long time in the bathroom while getting into my swimsuit. By the time I got to the pool, Grandpa was swimming laps back and forth. Seeing me, he stopped and invited me into the water. I waded in cautiously. Grandpa swam to me and told me today he was going to teach me the backstroke. He used his hand to support me while I semi-floated on my back. Following his instructions, I opened my legs to a v-shape and then closed them until they were aligned with my straight body. He told me to repeat the motions, to open like a scissors and then close and then open again. I complied. 
It was fine and I was almost forgetting my anxiety when Grandpa told me I was doing it wrong. Saying I needed to relax my muscles, he reached his hand into the leg band of my swimsuit. With a bit of adjusting, he managed to move the crotch of my swimsuit aside far enough to partially reveal my naked skin. He did exactly what he did last week, rubbing his finger along the cleft of my lips, stroking the sensitive skin deep in my valley. 

I had stopped my leg motions but Grandpa told me to continue. I slowly opened my legs again to the v-shape, unknowingly spreading myself opened to my Grandpa's finger. His other hand still held me by my back as his other molested me. I remember it was funny being in the pool because the chlorinated water bobbed up and down against my bare crotch, a sensation I had never felt before. 
I remember feeling extremely nervous. One because Grandpa was touching me and two because, as I lay on my back, the water would bob up and down on my face. I was never completely submerged but water would cover my ears and almost reach my eyes as I lay practicing my backstroke movements. My attention was split between the water lapping at my head and Grandpa's finger fondling the soft skin of my crotch, his digit plunging into the fleshy baby fat folds of skin between my legs. 
Again, I felt no sexual pleasure from his touch. On the one hand, I admit it did feel like he was scratching an itch that I never knew existed, but that was the extent of the enjoyment. Simultaneously, it felt relaxing yet uncomfortable. Grandpa continued stroking me for a minute or two before removing his hand and returning my swimsuit to its proper position. 
I made up some excuse to get away again and went to play with Grandma. I didn't tell her anything, nor did I tell my mom when she picked me up. 
The next time I went to my grandparents' house, Grandma greeted me at the door. She asked me to go tell Grandpa lunch would be ready soon. When I asked where he was, she responded that he was in the sauna room downstairs. 
The sauna room was a door just off to the side of the pool. I opened the door and was greeted by a billowing cloud of steam. Peeking inside, I cautiously said, &quot;Grandpa?&quot; 
&quot;Come in, come in,&quot; my Grandpa's voice said. &quot;And close the door, please. You're letting all the steam out.&quot; 
I entered the sauna and shut the door. As the steam slightly cleared, I was shocked to find Grandpa sitting naked on a bench. I was at a loss for words. Being ten years old, I had seen a penis before but I never thought I would see my Grandpa's. I remember being transfixed by it: staring at this sagging piece of flesh that rested against his bulging scrotum. It was rather wrinkly, I recall, although I'm not sure if it was because of his age or because of the steam. 
I also recollect Grandpa making some small talk. I stuttered and mumbled some responses to his inquiries. The steam continued to gather in the sauna, making it quite hot. Sweat was beginning to form on my skin. During the small talk though, Grandpa moved his hand and began to touch his penis. I tried not to stare at what he was doing but I watched anyway as his penis grew hard and erect. At first it was just a drooping and lifeless member but as Grandpa touched it, it seemed to gain strength. It got a little bigger and began to rise, as if it was standing up very slowly. 
Eventually, Grandpa was stroking the hardened length of his penis before me. I remember seeing the tip of it that looked like a little red football helmet. Grandpa's hand made a fist around it and he moved it up and down. I swallowed hard and, looking at Grandpa's face, I found his eyes looking steadily into mine. 
Blushing, I avoided his gaze and my eyes moved back down his body, resting on his hairy crotch and this thick tool that protruded from his body. My own hands balled up into nervous fists as discomfort and embarrassment swelled inside me. I felt terribly awkward seeing Grandpa naked and touching his penis like this.