Chapter 1: Spoiled Milk

“Shirley!!! Get your little ass down here and tell me what the fuck this is?!?” 
The next sound is tiny footsteps rushing down the stairs in response. The nine year old, messy, little girl, who’s in a pink and white polka dot night gown, comes round the corner into the kitchen.
“What’s wrong dad?” She stares at him in his tee shirt and under wear, then glances around the room quickly to see what had betrayed her. Then she sees it. The milk on the counter. Her face grows grim and worried. She quickly looks up at him.
“I’m s- “ 
“YOU KNOW DAM WELL WHATS WRONG!! YOU LEFT THE FUCKING MILK OUT AGAIN!!! I DON'T HAVE THE MONEY FOR THIS SHIT!!!” he picks it up and sniffs it while making a disgusted face. He violently throws the half full carton into the sink. 
“You are going to have to pay for this, Shirley, you know that right?”
“ B-bu-”
“BUT WHAT? You’re not sorry, if you were fucking sorry it wouldn’t be happened over and over again, but god damn Shirley, you will be sorry in a second! Come here!!”
She walks to him slowly and starts to cry, knowing exactly what’s about to happen next. Her dad proceeds to sit on one of the kitchen chairs. She begins to bawl as she comes closer to him, terrified of what he’s just about to do to her. She finally gets just barely close enough to him. He grabs her flat-out, tosses her over his knee, belly down, and pulls up her night dress, exposing her purple and white striped panties. He slowly pulls them down, exposing her soft little tush to him. Swiftly raising his hand he gives her 3 hard slaps on her ass, reddening it more and more every time. On the third slap, he leaves his hand on her ass and slowly caresses it. Then, quick as lighting, he throws her off of his knee, onto the floor. 
“Get to your fucking bed you little brat, no tv, no snack, none of that shit!”
Stumbling and sniffling, she runs toward the stairs, pulling up her panties along the way. 
He thinks to himself. “Man I would give anything to nut in that whiney little cunt.”

Sometime later, after all of her whimpering and sobbing, she lay there in her bed staring at her nightlight, hugging her brown bear close, and cursing the day she was born with such a horrible dad. She slowly begins to nod off.
‘I wonder if she would-’ He thinks to himself as he passes her room. Then he gets a corrupt thought, and he slowly opens her door. Shirley bolts awake, terrified and ready for anything. He deliberately walks over and sits on the side of her bed. Without saying a word, he thrusts his hand under the blanket to her legs and glides his hand up her soft thigh.
“Daddy please stop.” She whispers as she tries to push his hand away. 
“Shhhhh, sweetie, its ok. i just want to see if i hurt you.” Shirley gradually starts to kick and tries harder to shove his hand away.
“No dad, please stop.” Now fighting him with everything she has, he starts to get ticked. As she gets louder, he stops, knowing her mom is sleeping in the other room and any louder would wake her.
“Fine you little bitch!” Angrily, he stands and heads for the door. Noticing her night light, he jerks it out of the socket and drops it in his pocket.
“Good night. I hope the boogey man gets you.” He says fiercely as he slams the door.

Other than a faint hint of light coming through her window, she’s sitting in complete darkness. She tells herself she’s not going to be scared, she’s actually rather angry.
‘I’ll show him!’ She thinks. ‘I don't need that night light! I’m a big girl!’ She consciously closes her eyes and thinks to herself that if she keeps them closed tight enough, she won't get scared. After a short while, she gets bored and she opens her eyes wide and looks around. She immediately notices a lot of shadows. It looks pretty creepy, but nothing seems out of place. Then she notices the closet. She can’t stop looking at the closet. It’s cracked open ever so slightly, and she just stares at it for the longest time. She doesn't understand why, but all the while its making her more, and more nervous. The only inch she can see into the closet is pitch black. In that inch, she can't see a thing but she keeps looking trying, just to be sure if there is something. 
‘Ok, I’ll put my head under the blankets to try and sleep.’ She decides. She hears nothing, glad to hear nothing, and hoping to hear nothing. A loud crash comes from her parent’s room. The familiar sound of a lamp falling over, a quiet swear from her dad, then nothing. She can hear her breath, but nothing more. Under her quilt, it’s getting hot, and she feels like she needs air. She patiently waits and begins to tell herself there is nothing wrong, that there is nothing trying to get her. With a short burst of courage, she quickly slides the blanket off her face, catching fresh lung fulls of air and cautiously looks around... the closet door is wide open.