Part 1:

Murphy got into position on his roof his little late night show; he had been spying on his new neighbors since they moved in, a hot tamale mother, young son and sweet tight assed little daughter. He heard they just moved into the area after a divorce or some bullshit, and they got the Owens&rsquo;s place a corner lot with a big backyard and 3 bedrooms and a den. Geez, she must have done ok with the settlement. They were still new to the area, and more importantly the house which is why they still didn&rsquo;t have all the curtains up yet. Course that really didn&rsquo;t matter cause the only way someone could look in with that high fence in the back would be from the roof of house across the way, And who would do that, Murph smiled to himself and thought &ldquo;who indeed!&rdquo;. From his vantage point the bedrooms were lined up with left the little boys room on the left, the moms room in the center and lastly on the right, the piece de la resistance, the little girls room.

Murph had initially climbed on his roof hoping to catch a glimpse of the hot mom, and the first night binoculars in hand he had only caught the tail end of mommy dearest getting ready for bed a good show but he had missed some of the good bits. The next night he had gotten up there early and surprise, surprise he had caught the little girl after bath time, seeing that site the first time made pop him a boner so quick it had nearly vaulted off the roof. Since then he had been up there nice and early so he would always catch bath time, it had been a good 2 weeks, he only wished that the Mo&rsquo;s electronics would hurry up with the zoom lens for his camcorder so he could get this on tape, cause sooner or later they had to but curtains and this stuff was gold.

Best part was the for the last 2 nights the mom had gone off to work over night, and evidently she didn&rsquo;t have a sitter, Murph would have offered but he didn&rsquo;t think he could hide his hardon long enough for the mom to leave the house. Last night the little girl had stayed up for what must have been an hour playing in the nude, teasing him, fuckin Mo&rsquo;s how long does it take to get a 60x zoom lens. 

It was still the 3rd week of the month again, this meant mommy would be leaving soon to go to work at the hospital. Timmy knew that this meant that he and his sister Sue would be all alone in the house till morning. The new house was scary and made strange sounds but mommy said he had to be brave for his little sister&rsquo;s sake. Thankfully there was only two more days for them to be alone at night. Mommy tucked them in and made him recite the emergency number again, and then she left for the night. He stayed up and played wii games until the noise from Sue&rsquo;s room died down she wouldn&rsquo;t have made that noise when mom was home but she wasn&rsquo;t and he was glad for the excuse not to go to sleep just yet. Sue managed to stay up for at least an extra hour and a half before tiring herself out ad too soon the house was quite again, quiet except for the creaking wood, from the blowing wind, hungry ghost, and monsters. Timmy gulped, and stopped thinking about that stuff, he wanted to sleep with the light on but mommy would get mad and he didn&rsquo;t want to look like a baby. So he turned off the light and lay down in the bed and promised himself he would not sleep, he rested his eyes for just a second and sleep embraced him in the warm bedclothes. 

Murph watched the little girls show all the while stroking his cock, but he didn&rsquo;t masturbate or blow his wad, he had waited and as he watched he play in the nude for over an hour he had come to a decision. Tonight that little girl was gonna have a play date with Murph&rsquo;s swollen cock so he waited for the house to settle first the girl went to sleep and then the boy went to bed. And still Murphy waited but that was ok he had a long time to enact his plan the mother would not be home for hours. Eventually when the house seemed quite for a long time he went to work, getting in was easy he had a friggen key to the side door and even if they changed the lock he could still get in through the patio door but that might make a bit of noise.

Murph made his way down the hallway; the chumps hadn&rsquo;t changed the lock on the side door. He smiled in anticipation of fucking that sweet little girl, he was going to have a hattrick and leave a load in the girl&rsquo;s mouth, ass and sweet little pussy. Murph turned and moved down the right hand hallway to the waiting girl&rsquo;s room, before he opened the door he stripped naked so that he wouldn&rsquo;t need to do it later. As quiet as he could he opened the door and saw the sleeping form in front of him. She had her back to him and the breaths were regular but that would only last until he woke her up with a cock being jammed into her pussy, his cock gave a little leap at the thought. He could see the top of her cute little PJ&rsquo;s covering her shoulders and the thought of ripping those away from her sweet body before he forced himself inside her caused hic engorged penis to leap again. &ldquo;Fuck yea&rdquo; Murph was more than ready, in a heartbeat Murph was moving onto the bed. In one motion Murph clamped a hand over the sleeping child&rsquo;s mouth and with the other hand he ripped away the blankets, once they were clear his hands went back to remove the pajama bottoms and get down to business. And then the little tiger woke!

Timmy woke from a bad dream to find something worse a naked man on top of him, he didn&rsquo;t know how the man got there but he knew he had to get away! He lashed out with his hands and fists trying to get this man off of him but he instantly knew that wasn&rsquo;t going to work. Timmy then starts to spin and buck like a wild animal he manages to roll onto his stomach and even starts to scramble away but the strange man realizing he is getting away uses his superior weight to push Timmy down into the bead trapping him there. The breath whooshes out of Timmy body and the hand clamps back around his mouth, and for the first time in Timmy life he knows true fear, his body is alive he can feel each and every hair on the man&rsquo;s body presses into his skin, he can smell a musky scent emanating from the mans wiggy, he can even feel the man&rsquo;s hands deep in his pajama bottoms. This last though seems to animate the hand it is as if they both realize where the man&rsquo;s hand is at the same time. Timmy vividly feels the man&rsquo;s coarse hand at it inches it way up his body toward his own peepee which is quickly becoming a woody for the man&rsquo;s questing fingers to find. 

With Murphy weight on pinning the kid down she finally stops fighting, Murph wasn&rsquo;t expecting the girl to be such a wild cat but if anything this has made him more aroused. He begins to extract his hand from her pants and slowly moving his fingers up her legs to the waiting snatch he wasn&rsquo;t going to finger her first penetration would be by his penis but he still wanted to pet that little mound. Murph froze a second in confusion at what he has found, his mind is trying to track down what went wrong then he realizes that he go turned around in the how and he is entering the room from the other side so he turned into the boys room instead, now he needs to figure out what he should do with the boy. The only thing to do is to tie him up while he has his fun with the girl. Murph realizes that the kid is dead still but berating heavy probably scared shitless, &ldquo;oh well that's the breaks&rdquo; thought Murph as he lightens up on the kid pulling back off of the small body he realizes that with his cock is still quite erect and also throbbing pressed up against the little boys tight little ass. Murph knew he was still turned on and he thought that maybe after the girl he would come back and do the boy too, hell maybe he would wait for the mom to and make it a fun for the whole family. Well time was a wasting, still unsure of exactly what to do Murph releases the boy penis that until this moment he had not realized he was holding, and slowly starts to move his hand out from under the boy, his fingers traverse the full length of the boys rigidly erect penis and upon reaching the head the little boy whimpers and pulls away from the his hands grinding his little ass harder into the Murph's hot erect penis. The boy eyes open in surprise as he figures out what he is pressing against and his little hips fire forward as if his ass has been burned by the heat coming from the cock pressed up against his it. This sudden movement slides the little boy&rsquo;s penis back down onto the Murphy&rsquo;s rough hand which instinctively grasps the boys erect cock.

Part 2:

Timmy twists and turns trying to get away from the cock and the rough place, and the man lets him struggle for a bit enjoying the little body rubbing against his own. With no escape Timmy pushes back and forth against the penis at his ass and the hand holding his wood, he knows he can&rsquo;t escape but in his desperation he has to try. Timmy&rsquo;s own woody is as hard at it has ever been being masturbated by his gyrations in the man&rsquo;s uncompromising grip. Soon enough he leaks some pre-cum out onto the man&rsquo;s fingers and in surprise the man&rsquo;s grip shifts and Timmy manages to move his penis slightly away from the man&rsquo;s hands. But he can still feel the precum connecting him to the man like a bolt of white lightning down in the length of his penis. As the precum stretches between them boy lets out an involuntary moan, he can feel the precum being drawn from his body like a thread of light up from the base of his penis. 

Given room the Murph withdraws his hand looking at the precum now glistening between his fingers like a liquid web of lust, he thinks for only a second about tasting it and instead wipes the glossy substance against the boy tiny little black cherry, then he pushes his slippery, precum coated finger against the entrance to the boy anus, and even though the boy clenches as tight as he could there was no denying the Murph's finger lubricated by the boys own juices. Once inside Murph finger begins to pulse in and out of the boys ass with an undeniable tempo, he knows he is in lust and he realizes that finger fucking the boy's sweet little ass will never be enough! He needs to fuck this tight little ass and he needed to do it NOW! Breathing heavy Murph pushes the boys face down into the bed and systematically begins to truss the boy&rsquo;s arms and legs, using his superior strength and weight the boy never stood a chance. In fact the boy struggles only served to heighten Murph&rsquo;s already peaked arousal. He felt his own pre-cum beginning to leak from his own swollen member and not wanting to waste a drop he let off tying the boy off to spread those delicious ass cheeks so that he could smear the boy&rsquo;s anus with his own man juice! Murph pressed the tip of his cock to the boys waiting anus and leaked a large dollop onto the waiting hole puckering he thought like a greedy mouth waiting for something to fill it. He made sure to coat the entire hole and the tip of his penis too but try as he might, and he did, he could not get any more of his cock in than just the tip. Murph fully aroused by the aspect of takings this boy ass, roughly pulled the boys head back and whispered in his ear &quot;Don't worry little boy this dick is going to fit in that tight little ass of your cause I know where to get all the lubrication I need&quot; with that he not so gently massaged the boys balls.

This brought another round of struggles from little Timmy, he knew he couldn't do anything to stop the man but he was confused why his body was betraying him, it was all he could do not to blow is wad when the man had grabbed him by the balls. Soon enough despite his best efforts Timmy's arms were tied up in the bed sheets to the headboard in front of him and his legs were tied to the opposite sides of the bed. The man had was busy shoving pillows under Timmy&rsquo;s hips to raise his ass to a good height, Timmy&rsquo;s bum hole was slightly sore from what the man had done before but his erection had not gone down at all, in fact his erection felt like it was strained to the point of breaking because the man had pulled it out from under him and it was pointing strait down at the bed instead on up against his belly where it wanted to be, Timmy kept thrashing trying to get free he didn&rsquo;t want to be a bone smuggler for this man, even if Timmy&rsquo;s own little woody seemed to disagree, he began to breath in gasping breaths but he was hampered by the pillow the man shoved into his mouth, Timmy was panicking stuck between something his body seemed to want but that he knew was wrong. Timmy heard the man move around the room and out the corner of his eye saw the man take a plate from his side table to catch Timmy&rsquo;s spunk, he knew this was about to get very real, and worse, what if the kids at school ever found out, they would never stop teasing him, it would be worse than what they did to &ldquo;pee smelling Lee&rdquo; this thought caused Timmy to panicky even more and he started to thrash on the bed line a cages animal soon he was hyperventilating. 

Murph finally satisfied with the positioning and aroused as all hell by the kids antics moved around the room he liked the kid panicked but he needed the kid under control, looking around the room he thought of just the way to do it.

The man came back into Timmy&rsquo;s vision and when he stepped in front of him he was holding Timmy&rsquo;s wiffle bat in one hand and his biggest woody Timmy had ever seen in the other. The man looked straight at Timmy and said &ldquo;Listen, to, me!&rdquo; Timmy instantly stopped thrashing things suddenly got clear for him who was in charge the after a pause the man continued on &ldquo;This cock, is for your cute little ass! This bat, is what your sister gets if you call for help, or make too much noise!&rdquo; With that he wrenched the pillow out of Timmy mouth allowing him to gasp for the air he desperately wanted, the man&rsquo;s hand then brushed Timmy&rsquo;s exposed ass and Timmy felt his penis leap in anticipation, the traitor. Timmy felt the bed shift as the man got into position again, he knew that even though his mouth was now free he couldn&rsquo;t make a noise or his sister would come in, he fought the panic and stayed quite. From behind him her heard the man say &ldquo;that&rsquo;s better, nice and quiet, but feel free to make some noise, I would like to know that you are enjoying yourself!&rdquo; and with that he laughed and began to work on Timmy little woody again. 

Timmy couldn&rsquo;t help himself he had lost a bit of his erection when he started to hyperventilate but soon enough under the man&rsquo;s hands he was rock hard once again. And as the man began to milk him in earnest Timmy couldn&rsquo;t help but to move his hips in a counter rhythm to the man&rsquo;s hands. Soon enough Timmy released some precum again and the man&rsquo;s deft fingers flicked it up off the tip of his penis and began to rub it against Timmy but hole, he felt the man&rsquo;s finger worm its way into his ass and no matter how hard he clenched he couldn&rsquo;t stop the finger from sliding in and out of his ass to the same incessant rhythm. Too soon the two sensations began to merge and build upon each other and Timmy realized that the man&rsquo;s finger was no longer moving and as it flicked in an out of his ass Timmy knew that he is the only one moving, the man&rsquo;s hands are perfectly still as Timmy desperately wiggles and thrusts his hips try to impale himself on the man&rsquo;s finger and as he also attempts to get himself to cum into the man&rsquo;s waiting hand. Timmy knew that the man is watching with great amusement as Timmy tried harder and harder to get off, he knew that the man could bring him off easily but that he is enjoying Timmy&rsquo;s desperate, horny, struggles. Tears fill Timmy&rsquo;s eyes and the minutes pass and he is no closer to blowing his wad, in an act of desperation he calls out to the unknown man

Part 3:

&ldquo;please sir&hellip;&rdquo; 

The man&rsquo;s laughs callously and just says &ldquo;please what?&rdquo; not helping Timmy at all with his plight. 

&ldquo;Wank me sir, please wank me, I &hellip; I need you to wank me&hellip;Please!&rdquo; 

The man slowly begins to allow his finger in Timmy tight little ass to move again &ldquo;oh so you are a dirty little boy you want me to jerk you off and fuck you pretty little ass don&rsquo;t you?&rdquo; 

Timmy had no answer for the question he needed to cum but he didn&rsquo;t want his friends to know he was a puff boy. The man&rsquo;s finger stopped moving in his ass and Timmy&rsquo;s little body called out for it with every ounce of his being. Tears start down his cheeks and Timmy knew that he was going to give into what the man wanted, he knew then that deep down he wanted the same thing too. 

&ldquo;Please sir, I&rsquo;m a dirty little boy, please wank me&rdquo;

&ldquo;Is that all&rdquo; the man&rsquo;s tone told him it wasn&rsquo;t enough

Timmy gave up, his body couldn&rsquo;t fight the desire any longer &ldquo;Please sir wank me, then poke my butt, make me into a puff boy, make me into your puff boy!&rdquo; the words came out and the tears stream down his cheeks stopped, he had done it he had made a decision he was the man&rsquo;s puff boy now.

&ldquo;So you&rsquo;re my &ldquo;PUFF BOY&rdquo; is it?&rdquo;

&ldquo;Yes sir!&rdquo;

&ldquo;My dirty little puff boy? And I my puff boys want me to fuck his pretty little ass?&rdquo;

The hands still had not begun to move yet, desperate Timmy gave the man the last thing he could think of, quite as a mouse he said &ldquo;yes master!&rdquo; 

For half a second there was no sound then the silence was broken by a sound that an hour ago Timmy would not have recognized but now he knew it intimately the sound the man made was that of lust needing release!

Timmy&rsquo;s disappoint was audible when the man&rsquo;s finger disappeared from his ass but he heard a sucking sound and the one finger that had intruded was suddenly back in place this time with a friend. The man&rsquo;s two fingers wiggles and squirmed and causing his little ass to spasm and clench, Timmy heard a low whimper escape his lips as the feeling passed through his body. His little body had never felt this way before, even when wanked himself it never felt this good, this was the best feeling ever, his little hips moved on their own bringing the man&rsquo;s fingers deeper and faster into his ass. Timmy was in bliss there could be no greater feeling than this, and then he felt the man&rsquo;s tongue caress his peanut it was indescribable. Timmy he didn&rsquo;t have the words to tell the man how he felt so all he did was moan and say &ldquo;Please, master please!&rdquo; then his balls slipped inside his masters mouth and the man began caress and fondle them with his tongue all the while gently sucking them. For Timmy it was as if the lights had been turned out, but instead of darkness there was a white light everywhere. It was pouring from his skin it was pouring from his eyes, it was all welling up from deep within his little peanut his little body shuddered and shook and with a cry part moan part whimper he released his desire, he felt wave after wave rush down his penis and explode out its tip. The man&rsquo;s hand, fingers and mouth didn&rsquo;t stop their magical motions and Timmy little penis fired load after load onto the waiting plate. Timmy had long since ceased trying to fight and sank into the bed and allowed the milking to continue. The man hands continued their rhythmic working until he was satisfied that Timmy had given all that he could give. The man then leaned over Timmy and whispered into his ear &ldquo;You seemed to like that very much, and in truth so did I, but now it my turn to cum!&rdquo;

Well that's all there is for now!