Last Night

***************************
Startled awake.

Someone looming over me.

Someone on my bed!

A shiver runs up my back and gathers at my neck.

I move to see who it is (Mommy?) but my head is jammed, face down, into my pillow.

Its hard to breathe through it.

My breath comes back, hot, into my nose and I open my mouth to scream for help.

The sound is muffled by the pillow and I begin to see stars from the pressure.

My hips are pulled upwards and the air is cold on my back.

I try to turn but the hand on my head keeps it firmly planted into the pillow.

My underwear are roughly being torn away, my whole body except my face is lifted from the bed by the waistband.

I reach behind me to hold them in place but they are ripped out of my hands.

My face is buried in my pillow with my naked bum in the air.

Something wet splatters on my butt, it's warm at first but turns cold in the air.

(What is happening?? Someone help me please!)

A hand on my backside now.

I jerk my body trying to free myself but I'm not strong enough.

Something,(A finger?) touches my bum hole and begins working it's way inside.

I clamp down hard to keep it out but it pushes it's way inside regardless.

I feel it wriggling in me.

Drawing little circles inside.

It doesn't hurt but it feels strange and uncomfortable.

My whole body stiffens at the invasion.

I don't like it.

(Mommy!!)

I try to call out again but the sound is still muffled.

Trying to catch my breath.. 'Keep breathing' I tell myself.

The finger goes away now.

I relax a little, my body un-clenching, and I'm trying to catch my breath again.

The hold on my head loosens a bit.

I can turn my face to the side and I see a dim light from the hall.

I gulp cool, fresh air but before I can make a noise, my head is mashed back into the pillow.

The finger is back now.

No, it feels too big to be a finger.. whatever it is, it's trying to get inside my bum too.

I can feel the entrance to my bum opening and I double my efforts to force myself closed.

Thank god.. it goes away.

(Help? Can someone help me plea..)

Some movement behind me..

I feel the bed shift and the springs of my mattress creak.

(Mommy! A monster is in my bed!)

More wetness splatters me and the thing is back.

It feels.. slippery now and slides around on the cheeks of my bum for a moment, then pushes hard at the hole between them.

I need more air but the pillow is suffocating.

No!

The thing is starting to open my bum up!

I force myself closed again and push it out but the pressure is still there.

(Mommy, why won't you help me?)

I'm seeing stars again from my efforts and lack of air.

The thing at my butt pushes harder now and I try, with all my strength, to move away.

I struggle hard but the effort makes me lose control and
I am forced open.

The thing pushes into me and I feel myself tearing.

(It burns! Oh, Mommy help me! It burns!)

My bum and insides are on fire.

The grip on my head is loosening and I'm able to get air again.

The fingers snarl in my hair and push me back down.

I feel myself stretching wider against the thing pushing it's way into me.

It's stabbing me like a knife and the pain is clear and sharp.

A hand on my shoulder now.

It grips hard and bruises the flesh there.

It pulls me backwards, towards the pain.

I hear a grunt like an animal behind me and suddenly my butt is full.

(Oh, no! no! no!)

Its in me now!

I can feel it sliding deeper.. oh it hurts!

I have to go to the bathroom.. let me go!

It slides back out.. then back in again, deeper than
before and the pain inside my bum is like a fire flaring out of control.. out again.. in again..

(Stop.. please.. Mommy, make it stop PLEASE!)

I still see stars but they're starting to fade now.. everything is fading.

I can't breathe.. how long 'til I can breathe again?

My face is being rammed into to the pillow over and over again.

All at once my head is jerked back by the hand tangled in my hair and my neck cracks.

I pull cool, beautiful air into my burning lungs.. I want to scream but I still can't catch my breath.

The hands are pulling me on to this thing.. it's not going into me anymore.. now I'm sliding over it!

Harder and faster.. faster..

My face is wet with tears, I can taste the salt in them.

I can't fight the urge to use the toilet any longer and I'm wetting myself.

(It's not my fault mommy! I couldn't get to the bathroom!)

I'm ashamed at myself and feel dirty and bad.

Urine is flowing, warm, down between my legs.

My stomach lurches on it's own, trying to push the thing out of me but it continues.

In and out, in and out.

I have air now and draw a deep lung full to scream for help.

I start to scream but as the sound starts coming, the thing stabs me deeper and all that I manage is a garbled cry.. more like a wounded animal than my own voice.

I feel something deep inside me tearing and something is swinging, slapping me on my privates with every push from behind.

There's grunting behind me now and a sort of a groan or a growl.

It's suddenly warmer inside me and something is dripping out of me.

I feel it oozing onto my privates..

Everything is turning black now..
fading away..

The pain is leaving me and I feel like I'm swimming in the dark.

The pain is gone.

(I'm sorry mommy.)

*********************